---
layout: post
title: 【康斯坦丁】S01E11（关于痛苦）（观后感）
date: 2021-03-11 22:43
categories: ["DC"]
characters: ["John Constantine", "Lucifer Morningstar"]
tags: ["观后感", "摘录", "康斯坦丁", "痛苦", "欲望", "路康", "康路"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 个站
---

> In our last class, we touched on the subject of nirvana.
>
> 上节课我们提到了涅槃。
>
> Achieving enlightenment.
>
> 也就是开悟。
>
> In order to do that, certain truth must be accepted.
>
> 要达到这种境界，我们必须认清几点事实。
>
> First and foremost, suffering is unavoidable.
>
> 首先最重要的是，痛苦是不可避免的。
>
> Secondly, you must understand that suffering is caused by craving.
>
> 其次，你们必须明白痛苦是由欲望所致。
>
> Humankind desires relief in ways that ultimately do not satisfy the soul.
>
> 人类总在追求解脱，这种执念导致他们的内心无法真正满足。
>
> The third and final truth is that inner peace is possible.
>
> 第三也是最后一点，内心的平静是可以达到的。
>
> But humankind's suffering won't end until we learn how to stop our desire.
>
> 但除非人类学会如何放下欲望，否则痛苦将永无终止。

But the desire would not end -- at least not easily.

So either embrace the desire (like Lucifer would encourage) and accept the suffering induced in the process of being pushed by the desire, or rather, by the inaccessibility of what is desired; or give up the desire, and potentially suffer from the boredom.

The choice here becomes in some way similar to Cyberpunk 2077: do you want to suffer the pain and make a big name, or do you want to live peacefully as nobody? (is it really possible to live peacefully in cyberpunk world?)

The pain and suffering is inevitable. But that's not necessarily a bad thing.

I don't want to stop the desire. So I guess I would just have to try to live with the pain.

——————

Funny thing: When watching *Lucifer*, seeing him asking "What do you really desire" all the time, I feel I don't really know what my true desire is. I don't know what I really want, so I'm so damn confused and terrified.

Now watching *Constantine*, I'm like falling from one extreme end to the other. Now I know the suffering and pain is induced by humankind's desire, I realize I have too much desire. That's why I would so easily feel overwhelmed, jealous, uncomfortable, self-hatred, etc.

So, what's the problem? Do I have too much desire, or too few? Or maybe it's just the same problem: I have so many things that I desire, too much for me to realize which ones are the deepest, most important desires.

Then the problem comes back to the fundamental dilemma for every art work, every life decision: **choice**. How to make choice about the "true desire" from the pool of desires? How to order these desires to ease the pain and look for a more peaceful inner world? The "true desire" could also be: how to find the true desire.

