---
layout: post
title: 【路西法】S02E03（关于惩罚）（摘录）
date: 2021-02-20 19:32
categories: ["DC"]
characters: ["Lucifer Morningstar", "上帝"]
tags: ["观后感", "摘录", "路西法", "惩罚", "善恶"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: github.io
---

（ Why do you punish people）

> No one chooses to be a sin-eater (=punisher).
>
> No one wants to to be custodian of the world's filth.
>
> Why would they? Absorbing the worst humanity has to offer, day in and day out. Changes you.
>
> \- So you think it's the job's fault that they started to punish?
>
> **People don't arrive broken.** They start with passion and yearning till something comes along that disabuses them of those notions.

————————

> Why are you a punisher? I understand the longing for justice or the joy of sweet revenge, but no one's forcing you to do this, so why would you take it upon yourself?
>
> \- Because I couldn't take it anymore. All that evil is constantly spreading. I had to do something. I had to punish them.
>
> You are wrong. You didn't *have to* do anything. You *wanted* to punish them.
>
> You started with impulsive, but then you got a taste for blood, and it felt good, didn't it?
>
> \- I was doing my part.
>
> You had big plans to go on vengeance quest until we came nipping at your heels, at which point poor woman took the fall.
>
> We both know you can't stop because you love it! Just like the people you punished.
>
> \- I don't... I do. I like seeing them beg for forgiveness.
>
> You see, the difference between us is that you became part of the problem. Someone deserving punishment.

——————

> So you are going to punish me anyway?
>
> \- I am, indeed. And not because I've been brainwashed by Dad or I'm trying to prove anything. I punish because I'm good at it. I like giving people their due. Makes me happy.
>
> Which brings me to your sentence: you shall remain right here on Earth amongst the creatures you so despise as one of them.
