---
layout: post
title: 【银V】Fury
date: 2021-02-08 22:24
categories: ["赛博朋克2077"]
characters: ["Johnny Silverhand", "V", "Female V"]
tags: ["银V", "强尼/V", "强尼/女V", "英文", "心理"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: Lofter
---

Fury.

She can feel a great sense of rage taking over her.

She doesn't even know where it comes from.

Nothing specific that pisses her off.

No one that she targets as THE enemy, but everyone can be.

She feels a flame of fire burning inside of her brain, her heart, and then her whole body.

The rage doesn't belong to her, but she can feel the power within it.

The owner of this anger is outrageous about everything, the world, the corpo, the people, the air, the life, everything. 

Damn it, she wants to say.

She wants to tear things apart, as if raping off a fake mask from the world itself. She even kinds of expecting to see a gigantic stage setup behind this mask. The life is a play, isn't it? Who said it? Shakespeare? She doesn't really care, merely another name tied with countless lies.

She wants to raise the gun, fire towards the world, the sky, the empty air, the vague crowds that she can't see clearly, as if observing things through heavy mist in a disturbing dream.

She wants to roar, to hear pain, to see bloody red filling the space.

The flame of anger is consuming her, eating her from inside to outside. She feels like her reasonable mind is training an untamable beast. The beast is currently biting her heart, drinking her blood, filling her heart and mind with hatred.

"I can't lose control." She said to herself, fists held so tight that fingernails deeply sink into the flesh. Drops of blood slowly seep.

She try to breath deeply and slowly. She can feel two strengths are still fighting, ripping, biting, inside of her. One belong to her, the reasonable mind. The other unrecognizable, irritable, untamable, furious, full of hatred.



V opened her eyes. All these feelings and memories didn't feel like a dream. Neither a reality.

She heard something -- someone, to be precise.

It was the first time she saw him. Johnny was leaning on the wall, restless, furious.

So it's his fury. She thought. So full of pain and hurt, no wonder he end up a terrorist.

Surprisingly, she smiled slightly to herself. Because it also feels fucking good, feels so vivid, and very much alive.