---
layout: post
title: 【银V】Fury
date: 2021-02-08 22:24
categories: ["赛博朋克2077"]
characters: ["Johnny Silverhand", "V", "Female V"]
tags: ["银V", "强尼/V", "强尼/女V", "英文", "心理"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: Lofter
---

Fury.

She feels an overwhelming sense of rage taking over her.

She doesn't even know where it comes from.

Nothing special that pisses her off.

She doesn't have a specific enemy in mind, but everyone can be.

She feels a flame of fire burning inside of her brain, her heart, and then her whole body.

The rage doesn't belong to her, but she can feel the power within it.

The owner of this anger is outrageous about everything, the world, the corpo, the people, the air, the life, everything. 

Damn it, she wants to curse, to swear, to roar, to growl.

She wants to tear things apart, as if raping off a fake mask from the world itself. She even kinds of expects to see a gigantic stage setup behind this mask. The life is a play, isn't it? Who said it? Shakespeare? She doesn't really care now, merely another name tied with countless lies.

She wants to raise the gun, firing towards the world, the sky, the empty air, the street, the vague crowds that she can't distinguish clearly, as if seeing things through heavy mist in a disturbing dream.

She wants to roar, to hear pain, to see bloody red filling the space.

The flame of anger is consuming her, eating her from inside to outside. She feels like her reasonable mind is training an untamable beast. The beast is currently biting her heart, drinking her blood, filling her heart and mind with hatred.

"I can't lose control." She says to herself, fists are held so tight that fingernails deeply sank into the flesh. Drops of blood slowly seep.

She tries to breath deeply and slowly. She can feel two strengths are still fighting, ripping, biting, tearing, growling, inside of her. One belong to her, her usual reasonable mind. The other unrecognizable, irritable, untamable, furious, full of hatred.

<br>

V opened her eyes. All these feelings and memories didn't feel like a dream. Neither a reality.

She heard something at this moment -- someone, to be precise.

It was the first time she saw him. Johnny was leaning on the wall, restless, furious.

"So it's his fury." She thought. "So full of pain and hurt, no wonder he ends up a terrorist."

Surprisingly, she smiled slightly to herself. Because it also feels fucking good, She had to admit, feels so vivid, and very much alive. More alive than she had ever experienced.

<br>

> “Maybe we *are* similar.”