---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】S12E12 重温有感
date: 2025-08-08 23:07
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester", "Fergus MacLeod/Crowley", "Mary Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "crowstiel", "英文", "二刷", "短评", "观后感"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: Tumblr
---

rewatched S12E12 again and realized a few more things:

1. When did Mary really realize she's got in serious trouble?

   Not when the other demons showed up unexpectedly or nothing could kill Ramiel, or even when Ramiel showed her his yellow eyes -- it's when she realized Cas was wounded and probably dying. She's so startled and afraid. She knew Dean would never forgive her if Cas died there because of her -- which is probably exactly what's going to happen if Cas really died there.

2. What would happen if Cas really died there?

   Dean blamed Cas for Mary's death after S14E18 (which isn't even Cas's fault), he's so angry he emotionally punished him so hard until he pushed Cas away. If Cas really died in that episode, he'd have all the reasons to blame Mary for Cas's death (which is exactly Mary's fault). What would happen, what would he do? He'd be so so angry at Mary, how far would he emotionally punish Mary until push Mary away? I really wonder how far he'd do to Mary and I honestly couldn't really imagine.

3. Why I find it really difficult to like Mary only after this episode:

   Before, even when she made immature decisions, decided to leave the boys alone, go hunting on her own, I sort of could still understand. She's twenty-something years old, not prepared to mother a couple of thirty-something-year-old hunters, so she ran. That's just a classic Winchester move: when you're unsure, when you're afraid, when you don't know what you do, when you can't sort it out in your mind, you run. I can forgive her for dumping them.

   But I can't really forgive her here, when Ramiel gave them thirty seconds, and made it very clear that if they don't give up the stolen Colt, they'd all die. They knew their weapons aren't enough to kill Ramiel, Sam and Dean can't fight against Ramiel, and Cas would definitely die. So for those thirty seconds, she had a choice. She could choose to give up the Colt and at least try to protect and save them, OR she could continue lying and pretending and working for BMOL to protect the Colt over the boys. And she **chose** the Colt, she **chose** the BMOL. She didn't choose Dean or Sam or Cas even when they're very clearly threatened to death and when Cas is very clearly going to die, when she knew all the consequences. That's not some destiny or fate pushing her to do the wrong thing, that's free will and her own decision, and she **chose** not to do everything to save them and practically just **chose** to let Cas die without trying hard enough. For that, I can't really forgive her.

   A few episodes later she told Ketch "nothing comes before my boys". But I think Ketch was right about she's just trying to persuade herself. She might be thinking about eliminating the monsters and making the world a better place, but she wasn't thinking about the Winchesters. I think, when she said "my boys", it's still the four-year-old Dean and six-month-old Sam she's thinking about. And she's trying to make the world a better place without monsters for her babies. But she's not actively thinking for the best for the two grown men that her boys really turned into and really stood before her. She didn't see her boys, she couldn't.

4. Just why does everyone have to carry with them the only thing that could kill them? Death carrying scythe, Ramiel carrying Michael Lance, angel carrying angel blade, archangel carrying archangel blade, demon carrying demon blade. And they have to swing them around until their opponent stab them with their own weapon. Does no one really have a strategic battle mind or something?

5. Crowley was being more than helpful here, beyond his usual reasonable range:

   He actually went out of his usual way to help them. He didn't even really need to show up here, but he showed up and tried to deal with Ramiel to save them. When Dean told him "help or get the hell out", he totally could just leave, but he tried, he made his effort to save them.

   If his moves are only to eliminate the threat of Ramiel, which can still be explained to be aligned to his interest, then saving Cas was the other extra step out of his usual way to help that he didn't have to. He could have left them when Ramiel was killed. He could have let Cas die without trying to figure out the cure. But he stayed, and he really thought things over, and saved him. This is at least the second direct time that he saved Cas from death (the other time I could immediately think of is S10E03 when he fed Cas the dead angel's grace). After their bad "business relationship" from S6, Crowley had every reason to not help, but like him said, I think he's starting to like Cas and Dean and Sam, so much that until the end of the season S12 he'd sacrifice for them.

   But what did he get in return? Immediately after S12E12, he got S12E13 where his son was sent back in time to die, and he was frozen by Rowena's spell to do nothing but watch painfully. Losing Gavin really hurt him. Like Lucifer taunted him all these episodes, Crowley actually really had no reason to help them from time to time (same for Rowena), when they didn't even seem to care about him the least, when they as hunters were killing demons for a living.

   Poor, poor Crowley. Damn fool demon grew a heart and loved humanity too much. Just like that damn fool angel. Those who get too close to the Winchesters were really indeed too easy to get rubbed off all over with their "impala stench" -- Cas, Crowley, Rowena, Mick Davies -- and then all ended up bloody.

6. Prophecy of "God of Time" almost comes true, again:

   Remember S07E12 The God of Time told Dean his future is "covered in thick black ooze"? Guess how many times Cas died or almost died with thick black ooze. I count three, and S12E12 just happened to also be one of them -- Leviathans, poisons from Lance of Michael, Empty. There is no doubt Cas is his future, and with Cas gone he'd have no more future.

   Which leads to S15E18 again, and I save the best for the last --

7. Parallelism of Cas's confession and farewell in S12E12 vs S15E18:

   Wonder how Dean knows immediately it's a goodbye when Cas says: "You are the most selfless, loving human being I will ever know. **Knowing you has changed me. You changed me, Dean.**" (S15E18)?

   See what Cas said when he's dying and saying his goodbye in S12E12: "**Knowing you, it's been the best part of my life. And the things we've shared together, they have changed me.** You're my family. I love you."

   It is practically exactly the same words in S12E12 as they are in S15E18. So the first time Cas said that, he's emotional, he's looking back on his very long life but only commenting on the last ten years they knew each other, he's dying but he has to make sure they know it before he's gone.

   So in S15E18, as soon as Cas starts saying the same, "Ever since we met, ever since I pulled you out of Hell... Knowing you has changed me." It's just so clear that Cas is saying his goodbye, he's leaving, and he has to make sure Dean knows it before he's gone. Dean knows the "I love you" is coming before it's said, and he knows the "Goodbye" is followed right after. It tears his heart apart.

   So I think, at that moment, when Cas is saying "I love you", Dean is not thinking about the love and confession, he's thinking about all those other times Cas died or almost died, he's reminded of the moment in S12E12 when black goo flew from his mouth, S12E23 charred angel wings, S05E22 Cas exploded bloody before him, S07E02 floating trench coat, S09E03 blade hole on his chest. He's reminded of all that, experiencing all those moments of loss all at the same time, so he can't speak, he can't answer, he can't think about love right now because Cas is saying goodbye and he's leaving and dying. So the only thing he can murmur is a pleading "Don't do this, Cas."

   *Don't die. Don't leave me again.*

   He knows Cas loves him all along, if not earlier than S12, then the "I love you" in S12E12 is already clear enough, unmistakable, straightforward. It's not the confession that astonishes him, it's the coming loss that pains him, the farewell that mutes him, the foreseeable parting and separation forever that shuts him down.

   I think, it's only after, when Cas is gone and Dean sits in the dungeon sobbing and crying helplessly, only then does he come back to think about Cas's "I love you" and realizes belatedly he should have said "I love you, too." But I think Cas knows that already, Cas knows Dean loves his brother, loves Jack, loves the whole world. He's the most loving man in the world, and he loves the world, then how can he not love Cas? They just never have a chance to talk about it, never have a chance to define it, to try it out, to build something on it, to allow themselves to be happy and enjoy and live it, and now with his deal with Empty they never will, I think, *that*, is the "one thing he wants but they can't have". A future, their future. They have enough love, but they never get a chance to have a future.