---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】S01E12 thoughts and fix-it ideas（脑洞）
date: 2025-08-30 14:50
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文", "剧本", "短评", "脑洞", "大纲", "大纲文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: Tumblr
---

I was listening to Rob and Rich's podcast (Supernatural Then and Now) for the first time, starting from the beginning, and just got to S01E12 *Faith*, and heard Layla's actress talking about them shooting the scene where Layla kissed Dean, but it was cut out. So I went back to check the original script, which actually had the kissing scene scripted. I never knew that before:

> **Dean:** Must be rough for you. To believe in something so much and have it disappoint you.
>
> **Layla:** Wanna hear something weird? I'm okay. Really. (beat) I guess if you're gonna have faith, you can't just have it when the miracles happen. You have to have it when they don't.
>
> Dean's quietly impressed--
>
> **Dean:** So what now?
>
> **Layla:** (a shrug and a smile) God works in mysterious ways.
>
> A beat. Then Layla puts a hand on Dean's cheek. Kisses him, softly and sweetly, on the lips.
>
> **Layla:** Goodbye, Dean.
>
> She turns to go. Dean calls after her.
>
> **Dean:** Hey? (Layla turns) I'm not really the praying type... but I'm gonna pray for you.
>
> Layla smiles.
>
> **Layla:** Well... there's a miracle right there.
>
> She exits.
>
> HOLD ON DEAN. Troubled. Complicated and conflicting emotions wash across his face.
>
> As Dean thinks... thinks about evil, and good, and faith, we --
>
> BLACKOUT.

It would be really sweet and sad to watch Layla and Dean have that little chaste kiss, I think. Feeling really bad for Layla ever since the first time watch that episode, and always try to imagine a way out for her.

Not trying to make everything destiel but I think, once again, destiel can just be a perfect fix-it setting for this. Just see how the sentence Layla said: "God works in mysterious ways", we have the exact same dialogue in S04E02:

> **Dean:** And by the way - while all this is going on - where the hell is your boss? If there's a God -
>
> **Castiel:** There's a God.
>
> **Dean:** I'm not convinced. (then) But if there is one - what's he waiting for? Genocide? Monsters roaming the earth? The frickin' apocalypse? At what point does he lift a damn finger to help the poor bastards he stuck down here?
>
> Castiel just looks at Dean calmly. Then -
>
> **Castiel:** The Lord works -
>
> **Dean:** If you say "mysterious ways" so help me I will kick your ass.
>
> Castiel shrugs, "have it your way."

We know Dean doesn't like those things with god and fate and big mysterious plan, so certainly not "God works in mysterious ways", when Cas said it, he threw a temper and pretty much threatened the most powerful being he's ever seen. But back then, when Layla said that, all Dean could do was fall silent and pensive, feeling sorry and guilty for her, struggling if they did the right thing. And Layla kissed her.

I can see so much parallels there.

The very next thing Layla told Dean after kissing him on the lips is:

"Goodbye, Dean."

And she turns to go.

What's with everyone telling him or using their action to let him know how much they feel for them, and say their farewell and leave?

<br>

And then there's another thing about praying: I believe this is the first time we heard Dean saying "I'm not really the praying type", but he promised Layla he'd pray for her.

They have so many conversations about faith and prayer down the line:

S04E02 script (cut out):

> **Dean:** No - I mean it - I want an answer. What's he have to say for himself?
>
> Castiel says nothing. Looks away from Dean. Dean CLOCKS this... and it occurs to him --
>
> **Dean:** You've never talked to him about any of this, have you.
>
> **Castiel:** No.
>
> **Dean:** Have you talked to him about anything?
>
> Castiel says nothing. And Dean REALIZES -
>
> **Dean:** Have you ever even met him?
>
> Castiel doesn't answer.
>
> **Dean:** Do you have any proof that there's a God?!
>
> **Castiel:** I have faith.
>
> Dean shakes his head in disgust and frustration.
>
> **Dean:** Faith is a loada horsecrap.

That's Dean's attitude to Faith: disgust and frustration. Even worse than S01. Everything happened between S01E12 and S04E02 (including the death of his father, his brother, himself, the trip to Hell and back, demon deal, everything) really seriously destroyed anything left in his faith. And no one can blame him.

And then angels and Heaven practically force him to go back to have faith in them. It's just so messed up. And even more crazy, he actually did. He had faith again, but that's on Cas.

S04E18 (transcript):

> Dean drops coins into a soda machine, fuming. He takes a step back and looks around.
>
> **Dean**: Well, I feel stupid doing this. But... I am fresh out of options. So please. I need some help. I'm praying, okay? Come on. Please.
>
> **Castiel:** Prayer is a sign of faith. This is a good thing, Dean.

S04E21 (transcript):

> EXT. Bobby's Salvage Yard - Night
>
> **Dean**: Well, it's about time. I've been screaming myself hoarse out here for about two and a half hours now.
>
> **Castiel:** What do you want?
>
> **Dean:** You can start with what the hell happened in Illinois.
>
> **Castiel:** What do you mean?
>
> **Dean:** Cut the crap. You were gonna tell me something.
>
> **Castiel:** Well, nothing of import.
>
> **Dean:** You got ass-reamed in heaven but it was not of import?
>
> **Castiel:** Dean, I can't. I'm sorry. Get to the reason you really called me. It's about Sam, right?
>
> **Dean:** Can he do it? Kill Lilith, stop the apocalypse?
>
> **Castiel:** Possibly, yes. But as you know, he'd have to take certain steps.
>
> **Dean:** Crank up the hell-blood reginmen.
>
> **Castiel:** Consuming the amount of blood it would take to kill Lilith would change your brother forever. Most likely, he would become the next creature that you would feel compelled to kill. There's no reason this would have to come to pass, Dean. We believe it's you, Dean, not your brother. The only question for us is whether you're willing to accept it. Stand up and accept your role. You are the one who will stop it.
>
> **Dean:** If I do this, Sammy doesn't have to?
>
> **Castiel:** If it gives you comfort to see it that way.
>
> **Dean:** God, you're a dick these days. Dean walks a few steps away and sighs.
>
> **Dean:** Fine, I'm in.
>
> **Castiel:** You give yourself over wholly to the service of God and his angels?
>
> **Dean:** Yeah, exactly.
>
> **Castiel:** Say it.
>
> **Dean:** I give myself over wholly to serve God and you guys.
>
> **Castiel:** You swear to follow his will and his word as swiftly and obediently as you did your own father's?
>
> **Dean:** Yes, I swear. Now what?
>
> **Castiel:** Now you wait, and we call on you when it's time.

The first time we saw Dean praying, he was praying to Cas. The time when he gave up to surrender to Heaven (sort of), he technically didn't swear to serve just any angels; what he said is "I give my self over wholly to serve (God and) you guys." "You guys", "you", just Cas. It makes him so much better to think it's to serve Cas than all the other asshole angels (though he did say Cas's also been a bit dick that time after being snatched back to Heaven for a brainwash).

Anyway, the point is, his faith is in Cas. His prayer is also (mostly) only to Cas.

<br>

Okay, come back to S01E12 *Faith* and Layla and Dean's promise to pray for her. Here are two of my canon-divergent ideas of how to fix this: One, what if Castiel is a reaper at that time. And Two, what if praying for Layla is the first time Dean ever prayed, and Cas hears his prayer and comes to help.

Okay, for the first one, from my understanding (could be way too wrong), reaper is sort of like a sub-branch species similar to angels (that's how Tessa and many reapers are working in Cas's army in S09E22). Reapers as to Death the horseman is like angels as to God, both of whom are ancient and powerful and almost equally strong (my headcanon about that could write a whole different long post). In any case, here we have Cas being the reaper, it's like some position-rotation intern job for angels before they become full-time earth-watching angels. He has to work as a reaper for a certain amount of time. So the reaper bound by Sue Ann (and saved Dean) is exactly Castiel. We can't recognize him in that reaper suit because, idk, job description requires him to be scary and wear a suit, so he appeared like that.

And then after Dean frees him and prays to save Layla. Out of curiosity and, saving Dean has created a profound bond between them, instead of leaving the scene immediately, Cas stays behind and listens. He obviously won't kill another to save Layla, they can't continue playing God (and technically reapers can't kill people (if not forced by spell), they just wait them out and lead the way after life). In any case, the only option is Cas will have to give up his reaper job and become an angel and use his angel healing power to save Layla.

So here are again two different ways to possibly solve the situation. Either Cas can rebel as a reaper, just like he always rebels (whatever he is) for Dean. Just like quitting the reaper job and resuming his angel status, even though it causes him consequences (like it might be supposed to be his hard requirement of promoting to seraph from cherub, and now he's sort of stuck between the ladders and it does him some harm, but anything to help Dean, he'd do it). So Cas rebels, turns into an angel, heals Layla. And then Dean has to figure out new ways to help Cas solve his new problems.

Or, because it's still so early in their relationship, Cas isn't so ready to give up everything for Dean *yet*. He remains a reaper for however long he's required to, but he remembers this encounter, remembers Dean and this girl needing help. Once his duty is due and he returns to his full-time angel job as a seraph, he flies back in time and meets Dean at the time the reaper him left.

So from Dean's perspective, it's like almost immediately after the reaper!Cas left, the angel!Cas comes back for him, all powerful and refreshed. But actually for Cas, it might have been several centuries or millennias, and he realizes he's never able to get over Dean just from their first encounter. Dean's soul and everything just get branded in Cas (and Dean doesn't know anything *yet*). So anyhow, Cas heals Layla, starts hanging around Dean, and they get to tackle all the tricky troubles in S01-03 with an angel's help.

Cas inserts himself into Dean's story three years earlier than it's supposed to.

<br>

There is another different way, a (probably?) easier way. Cas is an angel at that time around S01E12. Dean prays for Layla, and Cas answers.

But back then, Cas is really still pretty much a Heaven's good soldier (like his 2003 version showed up in S14E13, all fierce and murderous, listening to the orders). But still somewhat similar to him in S04E07, he's not a hammer, he has doubts and questions.

Dean challenges him with difficult questions like who gets to decide who can live and who has to die. Dean might even be willing to ask Cas to help sacrifice himself to save Layla (but Cas would refuse). Still, those actions shake Cas more than Dean knows. Something something happened between them, someone sacrificed themselves for the others, the typicals. And in the end, Cas trusts Dean, Dean has faith in him, Cas stops being heaven's little bitch and makes his own decision, and he saves Layla. I'd like to think they have a happy ending there, no bigger badder consequence from what they did. (Or maybe still is, and they have to fight the bigger badder boss, all the way up to fight the biggest badest ones again like destiny and fate and god. And they'll win and get the eventual freedom. I know, it's like a fifteen-season rewrite.)

<br>

Anyway, here are some long and random thoughts just from hearing Julie Benz talking about kissing Jensen in the scene, ends up way longer than I expected. I might sort out some of these ideas and write something someday, who knows.
