---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】S04E10 Anna's parallel with Cas（短评）
date: 2025-09-29 00:05
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester", "Anna Milton"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文", "短评", "二刷"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: Tumblr
---

Rewatching S04E10 and noticed a few new things haven't noticed before:

Anna before getting back her memory kept saying her dad was going to kill her, because she disobeyed.

So, Lucifer disobeyed and Chuck cast him into the Cage. Anna disobeyed and Chuck was going to kill her. But Cas disobeyed, Chuck found him fascinating and resurrected him at least two times... looks like totally biased to me.

Anna said only four angels ever met God. I initially thought that's four archangels, but realized later that Metatron had met Chuck, and I'd assume Michael and Lucifer had met God (in their fight for being Dad's favorite son). Which means only one spot left, with potential candidates of Gabriel, Raphael, and probably Cas? feel bad for at least one of the archangels (Gabriel or Raphael) who, even as an archangel, they'd never met God. which might totally explain their dickness (especially Raphael).

Anna said to Dean she knew what Dean did in Hell, it wasn't his fault, "You should forgive yourself. When you can (talk about that), you have people that want to help. You're not alone. That's all I'm trying to say." right before they had sex. I'm thinking, maybe this is the real reason that attracts Dean to have sex with Anna (instead of, or more than, just "last night on Earth"). This is the first time someone knows about what happened to him in Hell, what he did, who understands him, talks about that with him, forgives him, supports him, makes him feel comfortable to be with, someone he could talk to if he wants, someone he could be straightforward with if he wants, someone who tells him they wouldn't judge, someone he could show his vulnerability to, someone he could strip up his pretence and be nude with. That's the emotional straightforwardness and bareness that lead to the physical bareness, therefore, sexual tension and activity.

The funny thing is, Cas would also be that person for him -- Cas knows exactly what happened in Hell and what he did, witnessed everything and saved him. In fact, Anna knows these only because she heard from Angel Radio, only because Cas mentioned those to other angels on the Angel Radio after saving Dean. Cas would tell him exactly the same thing: "You should forgive yourself. You have people that want to help. You're not alone." In fact, the exact words from Cas are: "It's not blame that falls on you, Dean, it's fate." "Good things do happen, Dean." and "What's the matter? You don't think you deserve to be saved?" with an unsaid "you deserve to be saved".

Let alone the shot with the overlaying of an angel's hand on Dean's handprint mark from Cas. Almost everything from that scene with Anna suits emotionally, almost practically interchangeably, with Cas. Just saying.
