---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】S04E01-S05E03 二刷想法（短评）
date: 2025-09-30 23:42
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文", "短评", "二刷"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: Tumblr
---

Finished rewatching S4 *again* (lost count of how many times) and a little bit of the beginning of S5, and a few new thoughts *again*:

**4x01:** Dean doesn't think he deserves to be saved. Remembering 8x23 Crowley when he's injected with human blood and crying out "I deserve to be loved!"

It's interesting to see how Dean (and Cas) has self-loathing and guilt so heavy that they don't think they *deserve* to be saved or loved, but are loved; while Crowley, as a demon, having no guilt of doing evil things (said he enjoyed them when Sam pushed him far enough, "I've done bad. Horrible, evil, messy things. And I've loved every, damn, minute." 10x22) thinks he *deserves* to be loved, but (canonically) are not loved. can't help thinking about how that train of thought around "deserve" works.

**4x20:** When Jimmy prays to Cas, that's actually probably in the middle of Cas's brainwash lobotomy session when he's taken back to Heaven to be under Naomi's control, "fixing him", making him believe/remember that he only serves Heaven, not man, certainly not Dean.

But then, lying on the surgery chair, Cas hears Jimmy's prayer. Imagine how he is awakened and takes back control, because he remembers he promised Jimmy he'd take care of his family, he has responsibility, he has to go down there to save Jimmy (and happens to also save Dean/Sam again). And he succeeds, he comes down to Earth and goes into Claire.

So even right when he says to them he doesn't serve man, he is doing exactly that. Otherwise he wouldn't even answer to Jimmy's prayer, wouldn't come down to save them. He wouldn't have to keep his promise if he didn't. So he really does care about humans, sometimes out of responsibility and promise, sometimes love. Every single time.

**4x22:** can't help thinking that it isn't entirely impossible that it *is* Lucifer that sends Dean/Sam to the airplane and resurrects Cas.

Raphael says that's a possibility, and hell, Dean and Sam are right there outside his cage, Sam practically sees him when he stares at the light when Lucifer comes out, Lucifer has the access and motivation to save them. He wants Apocalypse, and the only way to have the Apocalypse is to keep those two safe, so he does that. Chuck could have been lying when he says he's the one resurrected Cas multiple times in later seasons. They could have all been mistaking God's miracle with the Devil's from the beginning (like in S11 Sam mistakes the dreams Lucifer sends him as God's signs), which is just so very ironic and spn.

**5x01:** Dean uses the angel banishing sigil to blast Zachariah away and says "learned that from my friend Cas".

Granted, Cas just freshly used that sigil in 4x22 and it's unforgettable enough for Dean to memorize it and deliberately say that to honor and remember Cas by, but that's not the first time Dean saw the sigil. In 4x10, Anna already used it once, drew the bloody sigil on the mirror and blasted Cas and Uriel away. Dean saw that and asked about it. So he could have learned about it since then, but he didn't. Instead, he only remembers the whole sigil when Cas uses it (also to banish Zachariah, funny, Zachariah gets consecutively banished by the same sigil twice by Cas and Dean respectively) to help him right before sacrificing himself. So Dean *has to* mention Cas's name and emphasize Cas is his friend when he uses it.

**5x03:** Cas says there's an open direct phone line between a vessel and the angel, one just needs to know how to dial.

The Enochian he speaks by the vessel's ear, according to how he says them, is like the following (according to this amazing Enochian translation [reference](https://monicawoe.livejournal.com/107878.html#:~:text=add them %3A D-,5x03,-(Free to be)), and I use this very helpful [dictionary](https://www.sacred-texts.com/pag/enoch1.txt) and [pronunciation guide](https://hermetic.com/norton/prcallsc) too for cross-checking Enochians appeared in the show and for my writing):

> RAA GAH IO ES
>
> VIN NONCA ASPT PAMAL DE Z

which translates to:

> Spirit of the East, one of the four that liveth forever,
>
> I invoke you with holy fire into your palace (vessel)

which is literally just an Enochian conversation to tell Raphael: "Come down here you son of a bitch, Raphael, one of the four archangels, we trapped your vessel in the holy fire, come talk to me."

meaning it doesn't require a special spell to let an angel know the situations happening to the vessel they claimed and belonged to (unsure if it only applies to the vessel that they have possessed and left, or can also be the true vessel that is connected to them according to the fate). Which means so many things: there is an open direct phone line between Dean and Michael (if not after S5, then after S14), Adam and Michael, Sam and Lucifer, Nick and Lucifer, Jimmy and Cas, Claire and Cas, Hannah and Caroline, and so many more.

So if, in 4x20 when Cas is taken to Heaven and it's just Jimmy, if Dean already knows about this, he *could* use the same method to talk to Cas through Jimmy. Funny how we seem to always forget about this and never use it in any other situations (if my memory serves).
