---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】S05E04 vs S15E03 Something is broken in Dean（剧本）
date: 2026-03-21 17:53
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文", "剧本"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: Tumblr
---

endverse!Dean: (send Cas to die) "Are you coming?"

endverse!Cas: (know it; nonchalant) "Of course."

S5 Dean to his 5-year-later future self: If you're willing to sacrifice Cas like that, then something is truly broken in you. You're making decisions that I would never make. I wouldn't sacrifice my friends.

<br>

10 years later, S15 canon Dean to Cas:

Dean: (the rip will be closing and someone needs to go to Hell but might not make it back out in time, could die, could be trapped in Hell, might not see him again; almost casually) "Yeah, Cas'll go."

Cas: (know it; stunned and hurt) "Well, it sounds like I don't have a choice."

<br>

So it looks like... Dean, you end up just as broken as the endverse you after all, just not in 5 years, it's in 10 years.

<br><br>

**Supplementary: S05E04 vs S15E03 script**

S05E04 when Dean sends Cas to die and Cas just follows:

> **Castiel:** (looks over map) In the middle of a hot zone.
>
> **Future Dean:** Crawling with Crotes, yeah. (off Cas's look) You sayin' my plan is reckless?
>
> **Castiel:** Are you saying we walk in, straight up the driveway, past all the Crotes and the Demons, and shoot the Devil? (F-Dean nods) If you don't like 'reckless' I could use 'insouciant.'
>
> **Future Dean:** Are you comin'?
>
> **Castiel:** Sure. (eyes our Dean) But why is he? He's the you of five years ago. Something happens to him, you're gone, right?
>
> **Future Dean:** (adamant) He's coming.
>
> Cas shrugs, he knows when there's no point in arguing.
>
> **Castiel:** OK. Well, I'll get the grunts moving.

Later, when canon Dean asks why he would still do it knowing it's a suicide mission:

> **Dean:** If you think we've lost already then why are you going on this suicide mission?
>
> Cas turns to him, **full of wistful affection**, like he's looking at a faded polaroid--
>
> **Castiel:** You should have become a great man, Dean. And I should have been-- I don't know... Something else... (then) **But instead, we become this. The only thing I think we have left, Dean and me, is each other. (unadorned sincerity) If Dean says it's time to go out in a blaze of glory, win or lose, so be it. I'm in. But then... (smiles easily at Dean) That's just how I roll.**

<br>

Comparatively, in S15E03 when Dean sends Cas to die and Cas follows:

> **Bel:** Who's coming with me? (off their looks) Sorry, but-- I'm not going to Hell, getting past whatever pissed off ghosts or demons are still loitering down there, and blowing Lilith's Crook all by myself.
>
> **Sam:** You want-- company?
>
> **Bel:** No. I want protection. Muscle.
>
> **Dean:** Cas'll go.
>
> On Cas. That's the last thing he wants to do-- he made clear to Dean how he felt about Bel in Ep. 1503. Off Cas's look--
>
> **Dean:** You've been to Hell.
>
> Thrown by Dean's insensitivity-- frustrated, boxed in--
>
> **Castiel:** Seems like I don't have a choice. (then, re: Bel) You realize-- this is all <u>his</u> idea, it serves <u>his</u> agenda. <u>Whatever</u> that is.
>
> **Bel:** I told you, man-- I just want things back the way they were.
>
> **Sam:** You're right, Cas, but like you said: we don't have a choice.
>
> **Dean:** You in or out?
>
> On Cas-- stony, but-- he nods. CUT TO Dean, eager to move on--
>
> **Dean:** Okay. Great. (then) Go team.
>
> Everyone's on board. Scared, doubtful, but on board.

And then later, when Bel probes this, pointing out Dean didn't hesitate to sacrifice him:

> Cas and Bel make their approach on the rupture.
>
> **Bel:** You got a plan, for after? (off his look) Getting topside. The witch's spell works right, this abyss'll be sealing up quick--
>
> **Castiel:** I'll figure something out.
>
> **Bel:** Y'know, your part of all this? Actually pretty dangerous. You could die, get trapped in Hell, your friends might never see you again-- (then) Funny-- they didn't seem to think twice about it--
>
> His words hit a raw nerve, but Cas ignores it-- just keeps marching them to the edge of the rupture.

Second time:

> **Castiel:** You're not growing on anyone. (then) Sam and Dean are just using you, Belphegor. Don't mistake that for them caring about you, because I assure you-- they <u>don't</u>.
>
> **Bel:** Wow. You learn that the hard way?
>
> We see that low blow hit, but Cas moves on.

<br>

**Supplementary of supplementary:**

The part in S15E03 that Dean didn't know, the pain and struggle and the decision Cas had to make to stop Bel and smite Jack's body, and the knowledge that he has to change the plan and let Dean down:

> **Bel:** It means, all those ghosts and demons? I'll suck them all right back... into me.
>
> On Cas. <u>Oh fuck</u>.
>
> **Bel:** I'll have the power of a kajillion souls. Lilith, Crowley, they were nothing. I'll be... <u>God</u>. Or close enough. (then) Great timing, right? I heard there's a vacancy.
>
> On Cas, realizing the extent of Bel's ambitions-- and the breadth of his long game.
>
> **Castiel:** The chest. The Enochian-- you've been playing us, this whole time.
>
> On Bel, a sly smile--
>
> **Bel:** Couldn't have done it without you.
>
> Cas charges to stop him-- but Bel raises the horn to his lips-- and blows-- letting out a massive blast of sound-- stunning Cas--

> <u>The rupture is closing</u>. The far edges of the rift sealing up first...
>
> But the horn is still sounding... as Dean follows another arcing ghost with his eyes, as it's sucked into the void--
>
> --and goes whirling down, straight into Lilith's Crook... and down Bel's gullet! Bel's lit up by power, the tone's roar deafening... spirits sucked one after another into him--
>
> Find Cas-- clutching his head-- his ears bleeding. He pushes, rising slowly from the ground. It's like moving through soup-- but he's powered by rage--
>
> On Bel-- powering up-- Cas tackles Bel, wiping him from frame-- the tone stops--

> Cas, wrathful, is wailing on Bel... Punch! Punch! Barely conscious, Bel mutters through bloody lips, his head lolls... the sunglasses fall from his face, revealing his burnt-out sockets. Barely alive, he looks just like Jack's body again. Playing his last card, Bel attempts his dirtiest move yet--
>
> **Bel:** ("Jack Voice") Castiel-- stop. <u>Please</u>. It's me-- Jack.
>
> But it only makes Cas angrier--
>
> **Castiel:** Liar!
>
> His hand starts to glow. Brighter and brighter...
>
> Bam! And Castiel smites him! A turbo-charged rage-and-grief smiting as light blasts from Bel's mouth-- his eyes-- taking us to whiteout--
>
> --and back in. To the dimness of the lair. Bel charred on the floor. Cas sees the toasted remains of his son-- winded, wracked with grief... sees Lilith's Crook in Bel's charred fist. Crushed. Broken.
>
> On Cas, gutted. Betrayed by Bel-- haunted-- and now he's let his friends down. Off Cas-- DESTROYED--

And then, he gets out, still so pained and wracked and destroyed, and traumatized, and in grief and regret. This is what he got from Dean:

> Back to Dean. Behind the tomb. There's a flash of O.S. light, and then--
>
> **Castiel:** (O.S.) Dean?
>
> Dean looks up to see Cas--
>
> **Dean:** Cas?

> Dean looks up at Cas. Confused. Worried.
>
> **Dean:** What happened? Where's Belphegor?
>
> On Cas-- almost too traumatized to speak. Finally--
>
> **Castiel:** I killed him.
>
> **Dean:** You-- how-- (then) The Crook--
>
> **Castiel:** It's-- gone. Destroyed.
>
> Cas goes silent-- too shaken from his ordeal to defend himself. His silence only drives Dean's anger--
>
> **Dean:** <u>What</u>?!

> Dean's standing now. Eyes on the rift. Only its center-- its starting point-- is still open. The rest of the cracks are gone.
>
> **Dean:** That was our shot, Cas! You're-- what the Hell were you <u>thinking</u>!
>
> On Cas. Struggling to respond-- to put his feelings into words--

And later, after the world was saved by Rowena's sacrifice:

> Dean pours himself a drink. Downs it. Not in a great place. He pours another, then--
>
> **Castiel:** (O.S.) How's Sam?
>
> Dean tenses-- then turns--
>
> **Dean:** Not great.
>
> **Castiel:** I'm sorry. About Rowena.
>
> **Dean:** Sorry... you're sorry... (then) Rowena died because of you.
>
> Cas winces at that--
>
> **Castiel:** That's not--
>
> **Dean:** None of this would've happened if you'd just stuck with the damn plan!
>
> **Castiel:** Belphegor was a liar--
>
> **Dean:** ("big whoop") He's a demon!
>
> **Castiel:** He was using us-- he wanted to <u>eat</u> every last soul. To take over Hell, Earth... <u>everything</u>!
>
> That lands. But Dean digs his heels in--
>
> **Dean:** And we woulda handled it-- after. <u>With Rowena</u>. But no, you--
>
> Cas fights back-- refusing to be mischaracterized.
>
> **Castiel:** The plan had to change. Something went wrong. You know this-- something always goes wrong--
>
> **Dean:** Yeah? Why is that something always <u>you</u>?
>
> On Cas-- taking the hit. A beat, then, with the full force of realization, searching Dean's face--
>
> **Castiel:** I'm dead to you.
>
> Dean flinches-- reminded of his harsh words to Cas in Ep. 1418 (which we'll se).
>
> **Castiel:** It doesn't matter what I say-- you'll always blame me. (off Dean's look) Ever since Mary's death-- you've been cold. I told you I couldn't work with Belphegor-- you volunteer me for the job. My powers are failing, Dean-- I couldn't heal Ketch-- and you don't even care, I...
>
> Dean scoffs, rejecting Cas's words-- but Cas doesn't back down.
>
> **Castiel:** Jack kept us together-- you, me, and Sam. He made us a family. But he's dead, and Chuck's gone, and you and Sam... you have each other. You don't need me anymore.
>
> A long beat on Dean. Jaw set.
>
> **Dean:** Yeah. Maybe you're right.
>
> On Cas-- taking the hit. On Dean-- not giving an inch. Cas nods--
>
> And exits.
>
> Off Dean. Taking another drink... angry and alone, we--
>
> BLACKOUT.

<br>

[Link to original Tumblr post](https://www.tumblr.com/junesirius/811745458375540736)
