---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Red and Black（Chap.6）Crimson（1）
date: 2025-06-09 20:07
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 Destiel Angst Bang
long_novels: 【Destiel】Red and Black
---

Some of these days, Dean Winchester thinks their life is like a horror movie; other times, he thinks even horror movies would be better and easier to live through than their real life, because he usually can see what's coming. There would be a pattern, a rule, a consensus between monsters and victims and the audience.

But here, right before him, there is no such rule. Which means creepy shit just keeps happening and keeps getting worse and weirder with every move he takes.

Like right about now.

"Cas, fight it, I know you're in there." Dean takes a small step back, just to keep a safe distance from the creature that's taking Cas's form, while just a moment ago, it's Cas taking the creature's. He's going to lose his mind just trying to think this straight.

"I know, because I *am* right here." The black line moves away from Cas's eye, curving across his forehead, arcing from his scalp to the bridge of his nose. Cas continues talking, voice eager and terrified, "Dean, please --"

Immediately, his mouth twists in a curve that Cas's smile never would, and the creature says, "Where else would I be?"

Dean thinks he's definitely about to lose his mind and have nightmares for eternity.

Cas reaches for his arm, pulling him closer as if wanting to hug him one last time, but at the last moment, shoving him toward the portal. His face twitches from the pulling and pushing, black goo continuously dripping from the corner of his mouth.

The gesture is clear enough even if he might not have full control of his voice or eyes.

Dean stares into those eyes, desperately looking for the familiar way they always look back at him. "Cas, I know you can hear me. We can fix this, once we're out there. Bobby's gotta have some book or something, and we can fix you. Just, come home with me."

Dean grabs Cas's wrist, not letting him go. He is right at the edge of the portal now after Cas's push. The swirling cloud circles around his boots, one more step and he's home sweet home.

Cas meets his eyes, the same desperate ache mirrored there. "It's a fight I'll lose sooner or later, Dean," his voice is his own now. "You have to understand. Purgatory is where all the monsters are, that's where I should be."

"Where the hell did you get that idea from?" Dean growls, trying desperately to drag Cas toward the portal.

Cas's hand pulls away easily, then pushes Dean hard. Dean falls to the ground.

"You know, he's not wrong," the Leviathan inside Cas sneers, taking over with a smirk. "He *is* a monster now. Actually, he's many monsters at the moment. Plural."

"Who am I talking to, you dick?" Dean glares through Cas's eyes, looking inside at the dark creature.

"We don't have names," the Leviathan says, cocking Cas's head unnaturally. His neck jerks back like a goose with a broken neck, with his eyes still locked on Dean, as if giving Dean a good look from all angles. "But you may call me Dick."

"Yeah, suits you really well." Dean snorts.

"Now if you'll excuse me, I have a ride to catch, and a world to conquer." Dick takes a large step toward the portal. Dean doesn't know if he wants to help him or stop him anymore.

Cas's legs twist into a knot, his left foot fighting the right, and he tumbles to the ground. Two steps away from the portal now.

Dean rubs a hand over his face. He hates it when he seems to be on the same side as the monster. Cas might be right, they might unleash the worst monster into the world if they let it out, but no way in hell is he going to leave Cas alone in Purgatory. Not after what they've been through down here. Not after all the days and nights they've survived together. Not if there is the tiniest chance of hope. And if he remembers it right, the rest of the Dicks are still out there waiting to eat Cas alive.

"Cas! Come on!" Dean yells.

"I'll close the portal once you are out!" Cas shouts back at him, crawling on the ground using only his hands to pull his body away from the portal. "Go now, Dean!"

"No." Dean makes up his mind. "If you stay, I stay."

"For God's sake, this is like the worst commercial. Can you talk to the idiot angel? Like, really talk?" Dick pops in, looking at Dean through Cas's eyes, "You really don't know why he wants to stay behind?"

Dean glares back at the creature, pissed. "You do?"

"I'm literally in his head, genius. Don't ever say I never did anything for you, *Dean*." Dick mocks his name, then, "That's the way the angel says sorry. Oh and by the way, he doesn't think he's important enough that worth your time to save, all he wants is for you to be happy and safe. There, go figure that out."

Dean is choked for a brief second. He wants to call the hideous creature a liar, but for once, he knows better. He says instead, "I'm not doing this for you."

"Whatever you say," Dick grins.

Cas's face shifts from the smirk to a controlled concentration in a blink.

"Cas, you there?" Taking a deep breath, Dean asks.

"Yes, it's me," Cas pants in a grave voice. His knuckles are white from gripping rocks and stones on the ground, clawing himself farther away from the portal.

Dean kneels down before him, and he has to take a second deep breath. Then he meets Cas's deep blue eyes. He manages to ignore the black tendrils that are still visibly writhing beneath Cas's skin through his veins.

He gives him one of his best smiles. "I thought I was clear enough earlier," Dean tries, eyes flicking to the angel's lips, voice soft, hoping silently that the hinting is good enough.

Cas narrows his eyes slightly in question.

"That you are important to me." Dean has to finish his sentence.

"That I'm not dead." Cas extends the sentence carefully.

"No, not just that." Dean sighs. Why is this so difficult? He squeezes the words out, slowly, like he's learning vocabulary from his own words, "You're important to me, because you are *Cas*. Whatever you do, and whatever you are."

"...Okay," Cas answers reluctantly. It is just so clear the words fail to sink in.

Dean closes his eyes and says desperately, "I will never be happy, if you don't come with me or be safe and happy out there. Is this clear enough?"

Cas blinks. "Oh."

Dean opens his eyes. "Yes."

Cas slowly again. "Oh."

And Dean confirms again. "Yes."

Cas rises slowly to his feet. His two legs are not fighting anymore.

Dean grabs his wrist.

"Come on, let's go home."
