---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Red and Black（Chap.2）Black（2）
date: 2025-02-26 23:43
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester", "Bobby Singer"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 Destiel Angst Bang
long_novels: 【Destiel】Red and Black
---

Cas appears in the middle of Bobby's living room. Bobby jumps, almost shoots him with the gun by his hand. And Sam actually does, from far across the room on the couch. The bullet pierces through his shoulder, flying out the other side, sinking into the wall behind him.

"Sam?!" Cas gasps in pain, staggering back two steps from the impact. Blood streams down from the new wound.

Bobby rushes to him.

"Sorry, panicked," Sam says, stuffing the gun back into his belt.

"You need to wear a bell next time," Bobby says, now standing in front of him, eyeing the wound that is making his coat a mess.

The comment actually pulls Cas's lip up a tiny little bit. "Dean said that too."

The bullet hole remains a hole under close inspection. Looking back into the angel's eyes, Bobby's frown deepens, "Why ain't it healed yet?"

Cas presses a palm on the shoulder, vainly trying to stop the burning and pungent sensation, but it does nothing, blood seeping through his fingers. More exhausted than before, he starts to think it might have been a bad idea to come here. "My grace, I'm drained," he has to admit.

"You were in a fight?" Sam asks.

"Not just any fight."

Cas tells them about Purgatory, and Ajay, and Raphael. He manages to leave out the parts with the Alpha and Crowley, deciding it's unimportant. Bobby helps wrap his shoulder and the worst wounds on his legs with some bandage and Cas says thank you.

"Wow." Sam blinks at his eventful afternoon.

"I know." Cas looks down, sinking into a chair by Bobby's dining table, resting his wounded arm on the armrest.

"No, I mean, you actually went to Purgatory for Dean?" Sam looks amazed. "Not even I would think of something crazy like that, I don't think anyone ever would."

"Well, maybe you should!" Cas stares at him. "He's your brother, and he needs our help."

Sam's face is unmoved. Cas squints. "What happened to you? You used to care about Dean a lot more."

Sam shrugs. "Nothing." Then, he returns the stare. "What happened to you, Castiel? You used to care about Dean a lot less."

Cas looks away, uneasy, eyes lingering on the window half covered by the flowing curtain. It's all dark outside now. Is Purgatory darker at night or would the sky there remain the same lifeless bleach and grey forever? When was the last time Dean saw sunlight?

"Seems like you two just balanced out then," Bobby comments behind them. Sam huffs a laugh, Cas does not.

"I just want to fix this," Cas says, voice quieter. He didn't tell them every single detail about the monsters and Leviathans, and how Dean looked during that brief moment they met down there. The hunter's eyes flashed with relief and were shortly covered by anger again. Cas soaks himself in the image and the look.

"What happened to 'The dead should stay dead' and not upsetting the natural order?" Sam raises his brows.

Cas drags his thought back, feeling the bone-deep exhaustion and pained sensation all over him numbing and spreading, sprawling like needles across every inch of muscle and skin. Do humans always feel like this when they are hurt? Does Dean?

"It's... he's just in another place. We can still bring him back." This is what Cas manages to land on. Not exactly an answer, but hopefully it's enough.

"Listen, Angel, I want Dean back as much as you do," Bobby chimes in. "But how? You said yourself, there ain't no elevator going down there and no more taxi driver to help. Any genius idea now?"

"I was hoping to find some answer here." Cas looks at the old hunter, pointedly.

Bobby blinks. "I ain't get nothin'."

Castiel nods at the mountainous books on the floor and on the shelves. "Your books might."

<br>

Cas pauses on a page, reading it over, and rereading it. His fingers rub the corner of the yellowed page belonging to a black grimoire.

He stands up and walks towards the cabinet where Bobby keeps most of his spell ingredients and pots and pans. The other two men look up from their books.

"Find anything you want to share with the class?" Bobby's eyes follow his steps.

Cas doesn't answer, just walking closer to the cabinet. His steps are still slightly shaky, the bandage over the gash on his calf leaks hints of black, the one on his shoulder red. He reaches the top shelf with his uninjured hand.

Bobby grabs the book that Cas was reading. Cas already knows what he's going to hear.

"Are you out of your mind? You'd be a damn fool even *think* about doing THAT?!" Bobby snaps, passing the book to Sam.

"Figured you might say that." Cas doesn't stop moving, not looking back.

"Then you know how stupid this is! Cas, come on, there gotta be another way."

"What if there *is* no other way?" Cas grabs three jars the size of vases, sets them on the table, and starts rummaging through the drawers. His face is calm for the first time since he entered the room. Eyes focused. "What if we wait too long looking for a different solution only to be too late for Dean?"

"You don't know what the spell would do to you!" Bobby tries again.

At that, Cas looks up. "Technically, I do. It would turn me into a monster. Because that's the point, isn't it? Only monsters can go to Purgatory, so it makes sense if I become one, then I can go and find Dean."

"After you are dead! And we don't know if there is any way to change you back!" Bobby walks over, putting his hands on Cas's wrist, stopping him for a moment. "Goddammit, stop and think for a sec, will ya? Do you think Dean would want that? You, become a monster?"

Cas glares back. "I don't know! I don't know what Dean would want because he's not here! Why don't you let me do this so I can ask him myself?"

Bobby snaps with more exhaustion. "How on earth did the Winchesters get that issue infected you too? Just can't wait to sacrifice yourself for one another, you're just as bad as their third brother now, maybe even worse, you know that?"

Cas looks down at his hands. "I have to." That's all he says.

Bobby loosens his grip, turning back to Sam. "You wanna help me out here or what?"

Sam blinks. "For the record, I think the plan makes sense, reasonably speaking." At Bobby's stare, he hurriedly adds, "The 'only monsters can go to Purgatory' part. I mean, there's indeed some more details we need to figure out."

Bobby squints at him, unbelievably. "Great, that makes me the weird one in the room. I'm gonna grab some drink then. You two knock yourself out doing... whatever you wanna do, why do I bother saving your sorry asses."

He leaves the room, heading for the kitchen.

<br>

The three ingredients on the list: demon blood, monster blood, and unholy man's blood -- the mixed blood so blasphemous it could turn the most holy being into a monster.

Castiel goes to fetch demon blood and monster blood, Sam says he'd take care of the last one.

They meet back at Bobby's after a few hours, each with jars of blood in hand. Bobby eyes them, both more bloody than before.

"Do I even want to know how you got that human blood?" Bobby glances at Sam but looks away shortly.

"Probably not," Sam answers too quickly.

Cas frowns. "Did you kill a man?"

Sam just hands him the jar. "Like I said, you probably don't want to know."

Cas looks at him for a few moments, then he shifts his gaze back to the ingredients. He doesn't ask further.

The mixture of the blood has a color so dark that it's more black than red. Cas enchants the spell as the black grimoire instructs. The blood still looks the same, dirty and stinking -- the smell of corruption and abomination.

They look at him.

"Cas, you sure about this? Like, really sure? This thing looks like no fun." Bobby frowns deep, all the lines on his weathered face crinkled with concern.

"I'm doing this," Cas says simply, unwavering, unbothered by the smell of the liquid or what it would do to him. His mind can only see the place with the bleachy sky and dying woods, a figure with torn flannel running in it, with only a blade in his hands, facing the whole world of monsters created from the beginning of time, no way out, no rest, not even a damn soul to talk to. "I'm ready." He says. He can't be more ready.

"Alright then," Bobby pushes the jar towards him.

The dark surface of the mixed blood reflects his vessel's face -- the face he's worn for so long Cas already registers as his own. And soon, he may lose the form.

"You may not want to witness the next part," Castiel tells Bobby and Sam, grabbing the syringe he prepared earlier, drawing the liquid up to inject into his own vein.

Bobby widens his eyes once more. "Thought drinking that thing was bad enough."

"Faster this way." Cas draws a full syringe of blood and pumps it in stoically, then the next. Eyes locked on the needle, teeth gritted. His face grimaces with each pump.

Bobby hesitates at the threshold before heading to the other room. "Call me if you need anything."

"I can stay," Sam offers.

Castiel just continues the motion until the jar is emptied.

And then he waits.

The boiling sensation starts from the arm, as the contaminative liquid touches his own blood -- worse than the strongest acid and molten metal pouring onto a human body. And it moves deeper into the system. Like a flash, it reaches the heart and pumps into every part of the body.

Castiel drops the syringe and screams. His body collapses to the floor, eyes wide open but he can't see anything, the world shifts in front of him to a darkened blur.

The sensation is so intense that the Leviathans' attacks in Purgatory are like nothing but tickles. It's not just pain, it's transformation. It's like his blood boiling, melting his bones and flesh, turning his inside out, mashing his gut and brain into mud.

Castiel squirms violently on the floor, yelling in a mixed sound of high pitch and all kinds of human languages, switching from one dead tongue to another, like a computer frantically spitting out random error messages under a virus attack.

His eyes and mouth glow, light starts to flow but instead of leaving the body, the lights flicker, on and off, on and off, until they dim, like a broken light bulb trying its best to lighten up one last time before it blows. The light is captured back inside the body, the same way it can't escape a black hole. Not even any grace can escape the change.

Sam stands by him, watching. Bobby rushes back in at the sound. But none of the men can do anything or have any idea what is happening.

And that is only the beginning.

Castiel's body rises slowly into the air, his eyes half closed, looking half passed out, half dream walking. The lights in the room shake, sounds of thunder rolling from above the ceiling. In the shadow of the flickering lights, there spread the black wings, expanding from his shoulder blades, long and stretched, filling the whole room and beyond. The feathers shine black, the color of the night sky.

"Holy." Bobby gasps, taking a step back in awe. Sam stares.

And then the shape changes -- the dark crimson color of blood crawls from his back, reaching the root of the wings, flowing upwards, staining the feathers. Some feathers fall to the floor, others shrink and twist as if burned by fire. The bones holding the wings crack loudly and bend back, folding inward, twisting into distorted shapes. The wings no longer look like wings, more like bewildering branches with charred leaves barely attached in the winter.

The screaming and yelling of pain die away slowly, the pitch sinking from a human voice yelling to a wounded monster moaning. Low, pained growl.

As the wings fold and twist, they no longer hold the weight of the body, Castiel crashes back down, landing on all fours. Claws and scales grow from fingers and skin, bones shifting, face unrecognizable. A mixed shape of a hundred different wild animals but no name for what Castiel looks like now.

Bobby takes another step back, slowly reaching for his rifle. Sam reaches for his machete.

"Cas?" Bobby calls carefully, forcing his voice to stay as steady as he can manage.

The monster in front of them gnarls, can't tell if it's answering or threatening. He looks up slowly, eyes glassy and foggy. With the slightest shade of blue.

"Cas," Sam takes a breath. "Nod if you are still in there and can hear us."

They watch intensely. And Castiel whines, then, nods once, slowly.

Bobby breathes out heavily. "Good to know. Thank God you're not dead in that whole --" he waves a hand to vaguely refer to whatever happened just now, in place for a word he can never find. He clicks the safety back on.

"Yet." Sam reminds him.

"What?"

"Not dead, *yet*." Sam keeps his hunter's stance, hands still on the machete -- the very same one he carried into that vampire nest where Dean was beheaded. "He still needs to be dead to go to Purgatory, remember?"

Bobby swallows, falls to silence. After a beat: "And you wanna do the honor?"

"Unless you volunteer," Sam says, unbothered. "Don't see a third option here."

The worst thing is, he's right.

"And you're still on board with this 'getting killed to go to the horror land' plan?" Bobby checks with Cas one last time.

The monster that was -- is -- Cas nods unmistakably.

"This is absolutely the shittiest plan I've ever seen, and that includes two apocalypses." Bobby sighs deeply, resigned. He looks at Cas with genuine apology, "I'm sorry." Then to Sam, "Just, don't do it in here, will ya?"

Sam nods once, heading out. Castiel follows.

<br>

Bobby does not follow them outside, and he knows a bottle of whiskey is definitely not gonna be enough for tonight.

He doesn't need to see -- the squeaky sound of footsteps and claws heading to the opening in the junkyard is loud and clear in the midnight silence.

He closes his eyes.

There is the sound of metal cutting through flesh, and then something heavy falls to the ground.

One set of footsteps heads back, stepping on the ground that's now wetter and muddier than before.

Bobby shakes his head hard. "Cas, you stupid love-blind idjit."
