---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Red and Black（Chap.4）Bloody（1）
date: 2025-03-01 00:59
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 Destiel Angst Bang
long_novels: 【Destiel】Red and Black
---

(**Warning words** before the part: Mentions of passive suicidal ideation)

<br>

Dean barely sleeps. In a place like this, he can't even blink his eyes too slowly, let alone close them. He doesn't know how the body functions in this place, whether it really needs sleep or food or any of the usual human crap his brain is still used to as a living human, but now he's neither living nor human.

But Cas nudges him to rest -- at least he thinks that's what it means.

When his watch points to night, Cas leads them to a spot between the woods. The trunk looks decent as a resting place. Cas settles by it, getting down on its belly, looking at him.

Dean checks the trunk -- nothing special -- then looks at Cas, amused. "What? You wanna take a nap?"

The monster shakes its head, then nudges his side slightly, almost pushing him to the ground.

"Alright, alright, I get it." Dean sits down beside the trunk, curling up by the root, resting his head on his arms. "You happy?"

The creature hums a low purring sound, not too different from a cat's satisfied rumble after a full meal. Dean chuckles, propping his head up slightly, running right into the pair of eyes that are staring at him.

"Dude, stop watching a guy sleep like that!" he complains, and that sense of familiarity rises again. He flutters, "But, uh, wake me up if anything happens, alright?"

He gets another low mumble of confirmation. Dean thinks his monster language is improving.

He gets a few hours of closed eyes.

The sky still looks the same when he wakes. Cas doesn't seem to have moved an inch. Somehow he does feel better -- his body not so tense, his mind beginning to get back online.

Dean sits up slowly, glancing at the creature he named Cas from the corner of his eyes. That thing is doing the same, as if it took his comment about "don't stare" seriously.

"Hey," Dean says. It meets his eyes immediately. Dean can't help feeling the tips of his lips lifting slightly -- a facsimile of a smile that has never been there since he came downstairs.

"Thanks for watching out for me," he tells it. The monster purrs something that definitely means "don't mention it."

<br>

Life improves with Cas hanging around -- though there is never a life to begin with in a place like this. But still, each second passes a little faster and more tolerable than before, so is each minute. At least that is how Dean feels.

The best part is, at least he has someone -- something -- to talk with. Not like this Cas would really answer back, but from the way it looks at him, the way the lights shift in its starry eyes, Dean thinks it understands. If it could speak human, it would just talk.

And sometimes, he thinks he can understand its purrs and mumbles and low growls from deep in its throat. The unsaid tongues without words.

"Sometimes I really think about just lying down, y'know? I'm so tired. Not exactly giving up, but just not fighting the fate so hard anymore. I mean, look at us, what's the point of all this? I'm a vampire and you're... some monster, and we are in Purgatory. If whatever shitty Destiny wants me to end up here, fine, I guess. Why bother going anywhere else?" Once, Dean tells it.

They just finished a fight. It was a pack of werewolves, the leading one was a pureblood, violent and unbelievably strong, even Cas had to struggle with it for several brutal rounds before biting into its neck and ending it for good. Dean was left aside handling a handful on his own. They are both panting and bleeding, exhausted.

Cas growls. Dean drops his gaze to the ground, wondering aloud in his own head. "I just can't see any way of getting out. And even if we do, then what? I don't even know how much time has passed here, or on Earth, if time even passes the same. Forty years in Hell was four months on Earth, what if a month here is a hundred years on Earth? Sam could be long gone, and Cas... I don't even know where Cas is or how his war is and everything... Everything might already be too late. God, I didn't even get time to tell them anything."

Dean whimpers. The monster he named Cas moves closer, lowering itself, leaning its massive body against his side. The twisted charred bones on its back twitch, looking like an attempt to reach out, to touch him.

Dean shakes his head. "You're not even real Cas, I don't know why I keep calling you that, I don't even know why I didn't just kill you like I killed all the other monsters." He laughs once, dry. "I must be losing my mind. Sometimes maybe I was even hoping if I'm ended by some monster here -- maybe could even be you -- then I could stop thinking about all this. Things could finally end for good. Talk about peace, eh?"

The creature's eyes meet his, larger and more glaring than ever, bluer and sadder than ever, getting watery on the edges even. It makes a sound from deep in its chest, low and thick and wet, like sobbing.

Dean swallows. He reaches out, touching its side, pressing his head against its scales to let the cool sensation seep through his forehead. He sighs, taking a long breath. "Sorry." Not sure if it's to make the creature or himself feel better.

He wipes his face with the back of his hand, then does the same for the monster. The tears slipping down its cheek wet his fingers. "Guess it's not for nothing, at least there's still you -- whatever you are -- still wanting me to keep kicking around. Right, buddy?"

He pats its shoulder twice, gentle, just a little higher than the shoulder blade where the wing stretches out -- he's starting to figure out where it's safe to touch that wouldn't make a pained sound from the creature.

"Let's keep rolling then, you and me, Thelma and Louise, monster version. Who knows, maybe one day we'll reach the cliff and maybe the jump is the way out."

They keep moving.

<br>

Cas is healing. Dean can't help noticing.

Every time it swallows a monster's head or heart, its eyes light up a little, and after that, some wounds and cuts begin to close -- even just a little bit. After a while, the gash on its leg becomes only a shallow scar, which goes away completely with the death of a pack of djinns.

"Why don't we go hunt some bigger things? Bet they'll do you real nice and comfy." Wiping the blood from his blade with his sleeve, Dean considers aloud.

Cas narrows its eyes, questioning.

Dean goes, "Eating makes a man stronger, I get that. Souls or lives or whatever it is, you need them, don't you? I mean, I don't have many things on my calendar this time of year, and we mostly just wait for attacks before getting to them. I was thinking, you obviously could get better a lot faster if you ate more, why don't we raid some monster nests and get them for you? Surely dine-in tastes better than delivery?"

Cas hesitates, not looking very fond of the idea.

Dean studies it -- its eyes or whatever way it chooses to express itself lately, the way its head tilts or its paw shifts. "You get what I'm saying?"

Cas nods once, but the muscle on its face tightens, the closest thing to a human frown.

"Why? You don't like it?"

Cas glances off into the distance, toward where some other monsters are howling, then looks back at Dean, eyes flowing with concern.

"You're worried about me." The realization clicks, and Dean huffs a laugh, twisting his wrist to show off how he can juggle the blade to kill whatever stands in their way.

He pats the monster on the shoulder. "Don't be, I'm a damn good hunter, in case you didn't already know. That's my job -- was -- anyway. Killing monsters, hunting things, until it ended up ugly like this. 'Sides, I've got you at my back, don't I?"

Dean starts moving toward where the howling is the loudest.

Cas follows him closely behind.

<br>

They hit a shapeshifter nest. The nasty things are still the trickiest even in Purgatory -- changing into people he knows. The family of shifters turns into his own family -- Sam, Cas, Bobby, Jess, Mom, Dad, even himself, in a clean flannel. A big happy family reunion -- Purgatory version.

"Hate the shifters," Dean mutters under his breath, chopping the closest one's head off, which happens to be wearing his own face.

Cas bites off the shifter-Sam and shifter-Cas's heads.

Soon enough, they take down all the rest before the creatures even get a chance to change again or run away.

"We make quite a good team, eh?" Dean glances around. The two of them are the only things left standing in the nest.

Cas wanders deeper into the nest, reaching for good bites before moving back toward the exit.

"Buddy, think you left one behind," Dean calls, kicking the shifter-himself's head toward Cas. Not sure if this is the very same shifter he managed to kill years ago in St. Louis. If it is, then Fate is definitely a bitch that loves joking around and this bastard definitely had an obsession in using his face.

Cas moves towards it, reluctant.

Dean watches it. "What's the matter? Don't have the heart to take a snack 'cause it's got my pretty face?" Cas gives him a look. Dean chuckles. "You do know it's not me, right? I'm cool with you eating it -- me -- whatever. So what's your problem? Too shy to eat with an audience?"

Cas makes a sound that's awful lot like a complaint to Dean's ears, but finally absorbs the last shifter head. Dean watches the blue white lights fill its eyes then dim gradually. The wing bone on its back spreads a small angle from its usual twisted fold. Some scales drop off, revealing smooth skin underneath. The nails on its paws shrink by an inch or two.

Dean grins. "See? Told ya. Feel good, right?"

Cas murmurs something, might be "Thank you." Even that voice sounds lighter and brighter, less monstrous than minutes ago, less incomprehensible to the extent Dean can guess the meaning from the syllables.

"You're actually kinda adorable. Can't believe I just said that. Come on, we might have enough time to find you a second dinner before we head back."

Things are looking good.
