---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Red and Black（Chap.4）Bloody（2）
date: 2025-03-01 16:44
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文", "吻"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 Destiel Angst Bang
long_novels: 【Destiel】Red and Black
---

(**Warning words** before the part: Gross description of eating weird things, including monster body parts. Very minor dubious consent.)

<br>

Things are never good or easy or anywhere remotely like that in their whole lives. Dean should know.

Cas is getting better, that's for sure. The wounds healing, the monstrous parts molting. The bones on its back stretch from the folded position, finally starting to look like wing bones, though there are still very few feathers left. Paws and fur and scales shrinking and falling away.

Dean has a hunch that this monster wasn't a monster to start with, but a hunch is just a hunch, he can't know for sure. Some theories have crossed his mind, sure, but without knowing for certain, without being able to *talk* to the creature, what he knows is still a big pile of jack.

All he can do is scratch his brain out wondering. And continue doing what he and the creature have been doing for god knows how long -- killing, and more killing, the endless killing and hunting. Story of his life.

And then, the Leviathans come back. They were never really gone, but now they are clearly back in the game, back with their dedicated appetite for them. And they come at the worst time.

Cas is going through another round of changing. It's been happening more and more often lately. And the process is taking longer and more painful -- judging by its repressed moans and groans. All the scales on the left side of its body peel off, showing naked fresh skin not too different from human skin -- tender, and vulnerable. Dean isn't even sure if it's a good thing or bad. Certainly it's the worst timing when attacks are coming.

Cas moans lowly with fear. They're surrounded.

The way those Leviathans approach and circle them, Dean has a vague impression they have the same amount of interest just last time Castiel was here. The only times they've shown such dedicated hunger on one thing.

"Back off!" he yells, tightening his grip on the blade, stepping back until his back is pressed to the familiar body warmth. "It's just called Cas, not even the real Cas!"

The leading Leviathan widens its ugly mouth and laughs, the sound so shrill that distant howling from other monsters silenced in terror. "You know nothing," it mocks, gloating. "We can smell the angel from across the land. Don't know what he did to himself, but now he's back to the delicious dinner flavor."

Dean's heart sinks. He glances at *Cas* in shock, meeting its -- his -- equally heartbroken eyes. Cas isn't exactly back to a form Dean can fully recognize him with confidence yet, but somehow, deep down, he thinks he already knew it's true, he just hasn't allowed himself to believe it.

He pushes the sick feeling down, for now. The Leviathans are still here.

"It doesn't matter." Dean straightens his face, raising the blade. The body closest to him still radiates heat in this cold bleak place, a familiar source of comfort.

Dean pulls the corner of his lips into a ghost of a smile. "Whatever he is, you are still gonna die. All of you."

The wave of attacks slams into them without warning. The lead Leviathan is fierce and enormous -- when it opens its mouth, there are layers upon layers of teeth, all long and sharp like blades, a cave of teeth.

Dean swings his bone blade at it, it doesn't dodge, and the blade does little. Black liquid leaks out at the contact, the blade sinks into a body that is definitely not flesh and blood. He gets thrown out of the way, his head knocking onto a rock in the ground, falling unconscious.

The last thing he hears before the black curtain draws in front of his eyes is Cas's pained yell that sounds nothing other than his own name.

Then the blinding light of a grace explosion and the darkness fall on him at the same time.

<br>

His head hurt like son of a bitch.

Dean curses as the sensation drags him back into his body, knowing for sure if the pain is still here, he isn't going anywhere else, therefore definitely isn't dead in the monster afterlife, yet.

"Cas." His mind kicks back online, that's the first word that pops in. He snaps open his eyes.

He is safe and sound, comfortable even, resting close to a source of warmth and something soft. The creature -- Cas, the real Cas, not just the name -- keeps him close, nestling him under itself -- himself.

Dean has to keep reminding himself the thing is a he, it's Cas, he's Cas.

"God, it's so messed up." He frowns tight, dragging himself to his feet, staggering. The back of his head is still throbbing. He tries to ignore it. A painkiller would be heaven right this moment.

"Hey, buddy." He reaches a hand toward Cas, touching his back, shaking him gently. Only to feel a handful of stickiness. Castiel's eyes are shut tight, not moving an inch.

Dean's stomach knots, sinking straight to the bottom. "No, no, no. Cas! Cas!" His palm comes back full of blood, fresh and iron sweet, tempting his own vamp fangs sticking out on instinct.

Dean swallows hard, holding his breath just in case he can't restrain himself. His throat screams in thirst, he forces it down.

It is only then does he see the new wounds on Cas's body. The new tender skin that is no longer covered by scales is torn wide open, his internal organs are exposed to the air, mixed with sluggishly flowing light. His grace hovers on the threshold, moving in and out. The newly spread wing bones on his back are snapped broken, almost twisted in half, looking worse even than before, hanging pitifully from the second joint. Blood trickles from the corner of his mouth.

Dean's hands are shaking, panic rising. He reaches for breath under Cas's nose, tests for a pulse on his throat. The tiniest flow of air brushes against his skin, the pulse is so faint that he almost misses it. But it's still there. Cas is hanging on by a thread. He hasn't lost him, not yet.

Dean breathes out, stepping back, pacing. "Okay. Okay. Not too late, not bad. Hang in there, buddy. What do I do? What do I do?"

He glances around. The Leviathans that were there before are all pieces and tears like exploded balloons now, but the black slime is still moving, one pile slithering toward another, trying to glue themselves back together.

Dean picks a dip up on the tip of his blade, inspecting it. "This is just disgusting." He looks back at Cas. "What do you think, this thing is edible or not? Would it make you better?"

Cas doesn't stir the slightest for any answer.

Dean has to answer it for himself. "Yeah, I agree, can't be too picky right now, am I right?"

He scoops a pile of the black goo into his palm, walking back to Cas, and touches it to his lips. "Open up, Cas. Dinner's ready."

Cas's mouth is closed tight, not any gap he can slide the "food" through.

Dean stares at him, frowning, desperate. "God, why does everything have to be so difficult?"

Heart pounding, glancing around, there is nothing around in visible distance, certainly no *one* around would see them.

Dean breathes out, looking at Cas's closed eyes. "Sorry, no other way. Don't say I took advantage of you when you were out, alright? Desperate times."

He takes the goo into his own mouth, trying his best to block out the disgusting slimy texture and bitter rot taste. Kneeling down so he's at the same height as Cas's mouth where his monster body lies, Dean presses their lips together, pushing the food through.

Cas's lips are dry and frustose, rough like tree bark, tasting like copper and iron with a lingering note of fragrant sweetness from blood. But at least it's opening now under the pressure, the remains of Leviathan slide in.

Dean watches his throat swallow, backing from his position, waiting.

Nothing big happens. No light show. But Cas's breath evens.

"Guess it's doing something then." Dean almost grins, exhaling in relief.

He licks his own lips, not realizing he's swallowing the residual taste of sweetness. When he does, he freezes. The taste is from the blood he touched accidentally on Cas's lips, Cas's blood, the sweet taste of angel blood. No wonder the Leviathans were gathering to him like flies to a feast.

The vampire part of instinct starts fighting for control in his brain, all he can taste and smell now is that specific exotic sweetness. He can hear the blood flowing through Cas's veins now, slowly, faintly, as his heartbeat is so weak -- something he's been trying to block out whenever the two of them are close.

Cas is dying and he's losing it. Dean clenches his fists and knocks them to his own skull, desperately trying to clear the hunger from his brain.

"Not now!" he growls at himself. "I'll kill you before you ever even think about draining him!"

He throws himself farther away, taking in another repulsive clump of Leviathans' sludge, and leaving them on his tongue, hoping in vain that the disgusting bitter taste could be vile enough to choke down the throbbing hunger and desire. His fangs refuse to shrink back into his gums.

His steps are shaky, hands trembling, but he manages to stagger back to Cas, kneeling down again like the first time. Forcing his brain to think of only two things in the world that matter: "Cas is dying" and "Cas needs me."

He presses his lips onto Cas's, feeding him the source of strength he undoubtedly needs, then pulls away with a head spinning so bad he can't even tell the direction.

But it's working. He can hear it now, Cas's heartbeat growing stronger, blood flowing faster in his veins. Which is making the situation increasingly difficult for him, but it's good. It's good. Cas is getting better.

So he does it again.

And again.

<br>

The burning thirst in his throat is like lava boiling. Dean thinks the vampire fever in him might literally burst into flames and burn him alive from the inside out with sheer desire. His entire vision is turning red, with the smear of blood on Cas's lips the cherry on the cake.

Dean thinks he could never hate himself more than he does now.

He has to bite on his own wrist to ease the burning in his throat for a moment before continuing.

He manages to continue feeding Cas without totally losing control. He doesn't know how much longer he can keep it up, but he can't stop.

Cas's wounds are visibly healing. The bones are growing back.

It takes ages, but they're getting there. The moves are getting familiar, turning into muscle memory.

They finished off the remains of the blasted Leviathans. Dean changes his strategies. He ventures farther, hunting more creatures and monsters on his own. Be it vampires or werewolves or wendigos or whatever they are, he just gulps them down, feeling the raw energy of their existence filling his inside, then goes back to the nest he manages to make out of a natural shelter and take Cas to, and feeds him mouth-to-mouth. Life-force energy flows with all body parts and blood is the best medium -- he'll have to write that down in his hunting journal somewhere.

Dean doesn't dare to go too far away or leave Cas alone unconscious for too long, so the trips are cut short and trivial. It's tiring, but Dean manages it.

The biggest question is why Cas is still not waking up.

"Used up all your mojo stock for me again, didn't you?" Once, after making sure the flowing light of souls and energies has all gone through into Cas's mouth, Dean steps back, sitting down for some rest for himself, regarding Cas's shape.

"Don't know how much you had to hunt and eat to get to this state, just to throw it all away and start from ground zero again." Dean frowns at him, wondering aloud. "Cas, why do you keep doing this?"

His best friend just has his eyes closed, quiet as always, not showing a sign that he hears him.

Dean has helped clean him up, wiped his face and body carefully without making the wounded parts worse. And with the feeds, he does look a lot better.

Dean checks him every now and then, noticing the small improvements with every feed. The scales are gone gradually, so are the paws. The wings take the longest time, the feathers seem to have to grow back one at a time, like spring blossoms and buds, but they all look good, shiny black and healthy. Cas's face is back to recognizable too, the same face he's been seeing a little more than two years now plus however many days he's been in here, Dean has no idea how much he misses him.

"Cas."

Sometimes he calls his name. Other times he prays.

The Leviathans said he is back to angel now, more or less, isn't he? So with some luck, maybe he can hear his prayers better than his words? Dean has to give it a shot.

*Cas, man, please, hear me. Wake up for me.*

Dean thinks hard, more pleading than praying, but he doesn't really care. Anything to make things right again.

Putting the words in his head seems to be easier than making them out of his tongue.

*I need you, buddy, you hear me? I need you breathing and kicking and alive, and we'll figure out the rest together. Just, come back to me. Cas, please.*

Castiel's face remains stoic, calm even, as if he's just deep in sleep.

Dean stares at him, having no clue what to do. Cas looks more human than ever -- he can be distant and all-powerful when he shows up as an angel, he can be fearsome and terrifying as a monster, but now he just looks like a human, plus some wings. Chest rising and falling, everything seems to be normal, just not waking up.

Dean presses the heels of his palms into his eyes, feeling them hot and wet. Hopeless.

Eyes closed, he leans in, kissing the chapped lips, gentle. No soul to feed this time, just the touch.

He doesn't even know why he does that, his own body pulls him forward, leading the motion, and it gives him comfort. And hope. As if saying if he can still do this, then there is still a way out, a way forward. His heartbeat eases just as his lips caress Cas's.

That is when he feels the lips shift. There is a startled gasp, an immediate pull away, and a dumb punch in the face.

Dean jumps back, looking up.

Cas is awake, pulled away from where he'd been lying, back pressed to the wall of the place Dean calls "home base" these days. Eyes panicked and shaky. Wings hidden away.

Dean doesn't know what that feeling in his gut is -- is that joy or hurt, or both, maybe.

"Cas, Cas, it's me, it's okay." He rushes, holding out a hand like when he needs to soothe a startled animal. "You're safe, it's just me."

The blue eyes land on him, recognition flickers. "Dean." He breathes out. The voice is hoarse from lack of use, but it's human words. Castiel looks around the place, looks down on himself, inspecting his fingers and behind his back, then looks Dean up and down. Eyes shining with disbelief.

Dean manages a smile. "Yeah, buddy. It's me. Welcome back."

Cas adjusts his posture and sits straighter, his fingers touching his own lips, slow, as if reliving that lingering aftertaste. Dean feels a blush rising up his cheek in the same place where he's been punched. He rubs the place, trying in vain to hide it.

"What was that?" Cas looks at him again, gaze following his fingers.

"Nothing." Dean realizes he answered too quick, thinking back. "Just, you know, testing out a theory, and apparently it worked. So now we can just --"

"What theory?"

"You know, just the fairy tales."

Cas raises an eyebrow in question. Dean finds his throat tight.

He sighs. "Sleeping beauty, Princess, everyone knows the story, true love's kiss breaks all curses --" Cas opens his mouth, Dean barrels on, "-- which is probably just some coincidence! Can we just leave it like that?"

Cas closes his mouth. His eyes drop. "Yes, we can just leave it like that." Then, "I'm sorry."

"For what?"

Cas looks up, guilt written all over his face. "Everything."

"Well, if you mean punching me in the face for waking you up, there're indeed better ways to say thank you." Dean swallows down the feeling that is rising in his gut seeing the way Cas's eyes look, but he can't parse any of the meanings.

"Not just that." Cas hesitates, but still, reaching out a hand with two fingers pointed out, aiming for his cheek that is slightly getting swollen from the punch. "May I?"

Dean holds his gaze, lowering his own restless hands, and nods once.

The heated sensation on his cheek fades, so do all the other small aches and wounds all over his body he hadn't really noticed. Even his shirts and jeans get cleaned up and smoothed down like coming fresh out of washing and ironing.

Looking back into the angel's briefly brightened up eyes, Dean gives him another small smile. "Thanks Cas, good to have you back."

Castiel swallows, not returning the smile. "There is something I have to tell you."
