---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Red and Black（Chap.6）Crimson（2）
date: 2025-06-09 23:15
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester", "Bobby Singer", "Sam Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 Destiel Angst Bang
long_novels: 【Destiel】Red and Black
---

"Sam, Sam! Gun down! It's us! For God's sake!" Dean ducks just in time for the bullet to fly over his head, whooshing out of the open window. Cas, however, gets one right on his chest.

"Jesus Christ, we should have a 'no gun in room' policy!" Dean rushes to check on Cas, who already removed the bullet and is examining it carefully in his palm. The trench coat has a new bloody bullet hole, but other than that, he looks fine. Dean lets out a breath.

"What's that about? Red alert for enemy angel incoming?" Dean glares at Sam.

Sam shrugs. "Sorry. Muscle memory. Maybe use the door next time."

Dean stares at him unbelievably, "Oh that's your 'welcome back'? 'Use the door next time'? That's -- that's just great. Really heartwarming."

Dean turns around to look for Bobby.

Bobby meets his eyes, giving him a nod and a tight smile, "Welcome back, Dean." Throwing a glance in Cas's direction, he adds, "Looks like your angel found you, like he promised."

Dean nods, glancing back at Cas as well. Black goo dripping from Cas's fingertips slowly forms a small black puddle on the floor.

"He ain't lookin' so hot though. Any new problem we gotta deal with?" Bobby asks with an unsurprised annoyed look.

Dean doesn't even bother acting surprised or offended at that. "Yeah, about that..."

Sam doesn't shift his gaze or aim at Cas since the two of them fly in.

"What are you?" Sam demands coldly.

Cas answers him, "I'm still me. Castiel, Angel of the Lord."

"Then what's this?" Sam scoffs, motioning at the black slime and the pulsing veins beneath Cas's skin with the muzzle of his pistol.

"And how'd you two come outta Purgatory?" Bobby adds questions to the pile. "Are you still a vamp, Dean?"

"No fangs now, thanks to Cas." Dean starts with the easy question, then hurries toward Cas, sheltering him with his body, and points a finger sharply at Sam's gun, "Put that thing down, will ya? No one points a gun at anyone in this house. Not on my watch."

"That's my line," Bobby mumbles.

"Only if you explain what's wrong with him." Sam doesn't give in. "Not my fault he looks like he wants to eat me or kill me. I'm only self-defense."

Dean tries to pull Cas away but the angel doesn't move.

"Cas absorbed the souls in Purgatory to juice up and blow a hole to save both of us, with a little side effect we need to figure out how to fix." Dean is genuinely pleased he actually managed to summarize everything downstairs in one sentence.

"Which is?" Bobby prompts, sharp eyes shifting between them.

"There's this monster in Purgatory -- Leviathans." Dean considers how to best put it, "Well apparently, according to angels, these things are so nasty and impossible to kill, God had to create a whole jail just to lock them up."

"Let me guess, now they are in Cas, hitched a ride and ready to have some fun outside the jail?" Bobby says gloomily.

"Something like that." Dean considers. "You know what, exactly like that."

"And how are you gonna kill some monsters not even God knew how to kill?" Bobby squints at him.

Dean says, simply, "We'll figure something out. Now your turn," he turns to Sam. "What's your problem?"

Sam shrugs. "Nothing?"

"You haven't been right since Stull Cemetery." Dean frowns, then glances at Bobby, "Tell me he looks sketchy to you too."

Bobby levels the look. "I didn't live with him or go hunting with him every day."

"You don't need to live with him to know. Just look at him!" Dean can't help himself, raising his voice.

"Don't you start lecturing me in my house, boy," Bobby grumbles. "But yeah, he volunteered to kill Cas, do the math."

"What the hell?" Dean looks at Sam unbelievably.

"And maybe some other folks he didn't want us to know about," Bobby adds.

Sam defends. "That's Cas's idea, he killed a lot more than I did when you were gone, Dean. I told him to let you go but he wouldn't listen."

"I was just trying to save Dean," Cas defends too.

"What's wrong with all of you?!" Dean throws his hands up, staring at them one at a time, "Am I the only moral compass in the room now?"

Sam shrugs again. Cas tilts his head toward him.

Bobby answers, "Guess that's why they need you."

Dean sighs. "Alright then, one problem at a time. Let's figure out what's wrong with Sam. Cas, little help?"

"I'm not a human doctor," Cas states, perplexed.

"We don't exactly have a post-Hell syndrome human doctor, do we?" Dean is trying his best to manage his temper but it's near the limit. "Can't you use your new mojo or something to figure it out?"

Cas approaches Sam on the sofa, who still refuses to let go of his pistol. Dean snatches it from him. "You know it's not gonna do anything to him anyway."

"Not if I've got angel-killing bullets," Sam meets both Dean and Cas's eyes, Dean's glaring with burning flame. "Just saying."

Cas reaches a hand toward Sam's forehead, a gesture to test his body temperature. Sam leans back, away from him. "Not that I'm prejudiced or anything," Sam points at Cas's Leviathan problem, "You sure it's not contagious or anything?"

Cas turns to Dean for help.

"How the hell would I know?" Dean says grumpily. Honestly, it hadn't even crossed his mind when he was hauling and dragging Cas out of Purgatory. But just to be on the safe side, "Fine, no touching then. Cas, can you do that?"

Cas hums quietly, holding his diagnostic hand about six inches from Sam. Sam just stares at him.

"His soul is missing," Cas concludes bluntly after a moment.

Dean looks back and forth between them. "His soul?! How's that even possible? Where is it then?"

"My guess is... Still with Michael and Lucifer, in the Cage." Cas answers, his feet shifting on the floor.

"Whoever brought me back did a really shitty job, it looks like," Sam comments.

Cas looks down uneasily, opening his mouth but no words comes out.

Dean studies him, "Did you... It's not you, is it, Cas? Brought Sam back without his soul?"

Cas swallows, shame clouding his face. "I didn't realize it at the time. I'm sorry." He doesn't meet their eyes. "It's not easy to save someone from the Cage with both Michael and Lucifer in it, you must understand. They were not exactly in a good mood."

Sam scoffs. "'Not easy.' Yeah, sure. You got Dean back pretty decently, with everything put back together, wrapped in a gift box with a cherry on top."

"Sam! Not helping." Dean barks.

"I said I'm sorry, I truly am," Cas says. "And I intend to fix it."

"Sorry doesn't do shit," Sam mocks. "You got a plan to go downstairs to Hell any time soon?"

"Sam! We just came back!" Dean feels like he's trapped in the middle of a crossfire. Middle-east is probably an even easier place to go at this time of the year. "We'll make a plan, and then we go and fetch it, right, Cas?"

"I fully intend to return to the Cage again," Cas promises solemnly, directly to Sam now. "I only wish for your forgiveness, for this is one of my many mistakes."

"Cas, don't!" Dean doesn't know if anyone is even still listening to him, feeling nothing more than a clown spinning his wheels in the middle of a ballroom.

"Guys." Bobby's voice cuts in.

Sam and Cas are still heated in their bristling. Dean wants to slam his head against the wall if it can pull the two of them apart.

"Guys!" Bobby calls again with a higher volume. "We got a visitor."

Dean looks up, recognizing the guy in the V-collar shirt and casual suit. Only one man in the whole world dresses like that -- one angel, to be specific.
