---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Red and Black（Chap.8）Sanguine（1）
date: 2025-06-10 02:11
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 Destiel Angst Bang
long_novels: 【Destiel】Red and Black
---

This isn't Dean's first time visiting Heaven, but it is definitely the first time visiting Heaven at war.

He's not sure what he expected, but it certainly wasn't troops lined up face-to-face on an open field, all armored with helmets and swords -- ancient Greek style.

"Thought you guys should be more fancy and modern by now," Dean murmurs under his breath to Cas, as they approach the center of the field.

"This is the largest field we have," Cas replies quietly. "We're in Achilles's chamber, so we adapt. Not many warriors want to spend eternity on battlefields, so there aren't many open lands like this."

"Fair." Dean can relate.

The field stretches wild, one side opening to the sea, the other against a high city wall. Their itinerary doesn't include going to Troy today, though.

Dean notices the force that gathers near the city wall is easily outnumbered by the other side tens or hundreds of times over.

"That yours?" Dean nods toward the outnumbered group.

Cas nods. "I did my best, and those are all the angels believing in free will and humanity. I'm disappointed in my siblings," he explains.

"Don't be too hard on them," Dean studies them from afar, can't quite make out their figures as all look exactly the same in their identical uniforms. "I'd say that's already a decent amount turning around from being total douchbags in a day."

"I expected more from my brothers and sisters," Cas states simply, then, "But it doesn't matter today. Today, it's only with Raphael."

"One-on-one dueling style?" Dean eyes him from the side.

"I believe so." Cas scans the field.

"Does that make me your stable boy or squire or something?" Dean suddenly frowns lightly. "You got one of those shiny fighting dresses I can assist you to wear?"

Castiel is almost flustered, turning to face Dean directly. "No, Dean, you're not my servant. I would never ask you to do such a thing."

"Easy, Prince, just a joke." Dean chuckles.

<br>

They arrive at the center of the field with maybe a hundred thousand eyes on them. Dean spots Balthazar standing at the front of Cas's army. On the opposite side, Raphael shows up in a female vessel.

The two of them step into the very center line between the two troops. Raphael meets them there with a stoic look. Two of her angels stand guard ten paces behind her. Dean doesn't really know if anything happened to Raphael, what's the use of them -- surely something can't be handled by an archangel is above average paygrade angels.

"Are you here to surrender, Castiel?" Raphael calls haughtily.

"No, Raphael, I'm here to hear yours," Castiel answers with equal pride.

"What makes you think you can survive another crush from my wrath?" Raphael lifts a hand, thunderbolts crackling between her fingers.

So much for negotiating.

"Everything," Castiel replies, as his eyes ignite.

Clouds churn and tumble across the fake sky, sunlight vanishing into a storm-dark canopy. The bright day fades into a dark gloomy afternoon before a fierce storm rolling in. Lightning splits the horizon, thunder rumbling like the beat of war drums. The whole ground trembles beneath their feet.

Dean has a feeling the quake is not just limited to Achilles's Heaven chamber. The vibration is shaking every inch of Heaven. The once steady and organized angel troops stir uneasily, gasping at the sky, all eyes staring at Castiel.

"You found the most unholy place and contaminated yourself with it," Raphael condemns, her voice thin against the wind and thunder. She brandishes a long golden angel blade, held high in her right hand. The blade has spiral edges like a goat horn from one of those old medieval biblical paintings -- different from the usual angel blades Dean's used to seeing.

Castiel is unmoved by the menace of the blade. He steps forward, grabs Raphael by the throat, and lifts her clean off the ground.

Raphael roars in fury, lights flashing around her, mirroring the lightning above the sky. Six enormous wings stretch out from behind her back.

Castiel does not even blink. His grip on Raphael's throat tightens, as effortless as squeezing a fly.

The light from the archangel's wings flickers. She dangles pitifully in midair like a ragged doll, struggling vainly against Castiel's grasp.

With a last desperate try, Raphael throws her blade out, aiming for Castiel's chest. The blade barely pierces the trench coat before dropping into the dirt, point down.

Raphael's eyes widen with fear and uncertainty. Her two squire angels draw their swords and shields out and ready, but they do not approach.

The war is ended before it even begins.

"I could kill you with a snap," Cas informs the archangel with his low grave voice, black goo drips from his fingers onto Raphael's throat, slipping beneath the armor she's wearing.

Raphael still has the remnant of burning fury in her eyes, but the flame is dying into charred ash by each minute. The archangel knows by now she does not have any chance of turning the tide, so she is wise enough not to even bother trying.

"What do you want to do then?" Raphael challenges.

Dean glances at Cas, who apparently has the answer prepared long before coming to the place.

"You might enjoy a reunion with your brothers," Cas renders the verdict. "Come with us to Hell."
