---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Red and Black（Chap.1）Red（1）
date: 2025-02-24 23:49
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester", "Sam Winchester", "Fergus MacLeod/Crowley"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 Destiel Angst Bang
long_novels: 【Destiel】Red and Black
---

**Warning words before chapter:** This chapter includes strong graphic depictions of violence that may cause sudden shock and discomfort. It also includes temporary main character death.

<br>

The Impala is parked in the back alley by the two-story building. The place doesn't have any lights on, but some of the windows are broken, the scent of copper and blood overflowing outside. One can only imagine how much blood must have been spilled inside the place for the outside to smell the same filth.

Sam and his grandfather hurry out of their van, rushing into the place, machete ready in their hands.

There are bodies without heads all the way from the stairs leading to the main hall. A long red carpet made of blood welcomes them.

Sam glances at the separated heads rolling around on the floor, seeing fangs dripping with blood. None of them move an inch anymore.

Samuel sees the same, catching his grandson's eyes, nodding at the only entrance leading to the larger opening. Both of them walk fast and quietly, in trained hunter steps.

The place is quiet. Too quiet. Even their silent footsteps might become the source of an echo.

And then, there is the sound of fighting again. Yelling and groaning, metal hitting metal, fists punching flesh.

They dash into the main ballroom. Sam tightens his grip on the machete.

Dean is covered in blood, his own or others' they do not know. The bigger vampire that bit him earlier has a smirk on his face, pulling Dean's collar and throwing him flying across the room like he weighs nothing. Dean lets out an angry growl, rolling on the ground in time to dodge a fierce direct blow to the face, grabbing the knife he dropped and jumping back on his feet, circling the other vampire, eyes bloody, pupils dilated, fangs out.

Sam hesitates. Samuel eyes him.

"Don't want to hurt Dean by accident," Sam whispers, not moving an inch closer, just standing there, watching them with white knuckles around the machete.

Dean ducks and dodges for two or three more rounds, before getting wrestled and tripped by the other vampire, legs entangled, unable to move easily. That monster is so much stronger than him. And by the look of the fight, the way he swings his arms and fists, several hundred years of living isn't teaching him nothing.

Dean can't breathe, fingers fumbling on the face of the bigger man, scratching the edge of his eye sockets, leaving bloody fingernail marks, but the other monster does not back away. Dean's movements slow, arms slumping to the ground eventually.

The other vampire lets the grip loose, Sam catches the break and marches forward, but he's still two steps too far away when the vampire dives back with the silver knife Dean left behind, cutting his head off in a clean move. Sam's machete slides through the vampire's throat right in the next second.

Two heads roll away from their bodies, blood spilling everywhere, mostly on Sam's face.

Sam flinches sharply, staring at the heads and bodies, gasping loudly. "Dean!"

Dean's eyes are still wide open, amber green, reflecting the shifting colors of the colored glass windows on the high ceiling. And then the lights go out. The fangs are still out, ugly, layering over his own teeth.

So much for going out swinging.

So much for half-retiring and apple-pie life.

"Oh my God!" Sam kneels down by his brother's body, hands on his shoulder, inhaling heavily.

Samuel looks away, swallowing hard.

Sam helps him close the eyes. And knits his head back to his body, later. With floss.

He burns his brother's body on a pyre. And then drives away in his car.

The town is left behind in the rearview mirror.

Soon, the whole state of Illinois is left behind miles away.

The vampire nest was set on fire before they left. Any other bodies or signs of life are all burned to ashes.

<br>

Dean wakes up in a gasp, touching his neck reflexively. The skin on his neck is intact, his head is still connected to his body.

"What the hell?" He looks around. The sky is grey, the trees all half dying around him. The whole place creeps him out, but the most creepy thing is, he seems to be still kicking and running.

He touches his upper gum. The fangs are still pointy, mostly hidden, for now.

"Okay? So not dead, but still a fucking vamp," He mutters to himself, disgusted.

Eyeing around again, his hunter's instinct kicks in just in time. His fingers fumble to the back of his belt, finding nothing but air. His body moves before his ears catch the sound -- something jumps on him from behind.

Dean twists around, elbowing it in the face, arms wrapping its neck from behind, pressing his full weight on its throat until it stops moving. Dean drops the body and recognizes the face of a young boy -- the young vampire boy he sure as hell cut the head off no more than a few hours ago, before he somehow got sent into this weird land.

"You're dead." Dean frowns at the motionless -- dead before, probably just passed out now -- vampire body, thinking aloud. Realization dawns on him. "Which means I'm dead too. Goddammit!"

Dean kicks the trunk of a tree closest to him with all his force, frustrated. "Fuck!"

It's just a vampire case, an everyday job. He did not expect to check out just like that. Not today. But apparently he did.

He kicks again, as if it could make him feel better. "So what? This is some monsterland dead vamps go to for the afterparties and I'm stuck here forever?"

No one answers his question, except for some more creatures lurking closer because of the noise.

Seems like it's more than just vampires then, Dean concludes, thinking he sees something that definitely looks like a werewolf and another like a wendigo. Every freaking monster he and his brother and every hunter has ever killed would be here then. And if they remember him in the whatever afterlife memory they still carry, they sure as hell would be thrilled to see him hanging around with them.

That's when he picks a direction, and starts running into the creepy woods. The growls and howling of every kind of monster that ever existed rise around him like the most dedicated freaky monster symphony.

He has nothing but his hands and feet. And his fangs -- weirdly comforting now, come to think of it.

It's gonna be a bloody long eternity.

<br>

Sam is two states over when Cas drops by.

The case looks like an angelic weapon case. Sam calls for him in a prayer. People are being killed for telling the truth.

"Looks like it's your department?" Sam points at a picture of Gabriel's Horn of Truth when the angel shows up.

Castiel flies away and back in two seconds. Nothing angelic in the town, he tells him.

Sam snorts. "Where did you look?"

"Everywhere." Castiel looks him in the eyes, then looks around. It's a single-bed motel room, the bedsheet on the only bed unruffled. One duffel bag on the ground.

"Where is your brother?" Cas frowns.

"Dean's dead," Sam tells him, flat.

"What?!" Castiel snaps. "You prayed for me for a possible horn but didn't think of letting me know that Dean's dead?"

Sam looks at him, also frowning. "What's there to pray for if he's already gone?"

Cas opens his mouth, in disbelief, wetting his lips, but not saying anything. He shakes his head, walking several steps away, his back to Sam.

"How?" His voice is low and grave.

"Vampires," Sam says, emotionless. "It was a vampire nest. We went in there too late. Dean killed most of them but got taken down by the largest one. I killed it after it got Dean."

"You let Dean go into a vampire nest all by himself? Without backup?" Cas turns around, furious.

"Dean volunteered," Sam says it like it's obvious.

"And why would he do such a stupid thing?" Cas's eyes narrow.

"Because he's a vampire himself."

That is the ultimate bomb drop.

Castiel stares at him, eyes widened in extreme shock -- if Sam didn't know better, he'd say Cas almost looks horrified, if angels can ever feel horror.

And then with the sound of wings flapping, Castiel is gone.

Sam goes back to the case.

<br>

Heaven is heavily guarded, these days. With Raphael's troops and his loyalists. Castiel's army is on the far periphery of Heaven, still assembling but far too few in number and power. Going into the private chamber area where the souls are secured is nothing short of a suicide mission. He goes anyway.

Sneaking into the white corridor bathed in blinding light from all directions, he looks for the names on the doors. With everyone that has a last name "Winchester", he finds John and Mary, he finds Henry, their distant cousins from other branches, unrelated people who share the same last name. But there is no Dean. In all human history, with all the humans named "Winchester", there is no "Dean" in Heaven, born 1979, died 2010. Not in John and Mary's chamber, not anywhere.

"What's the matter, lost your little human pet?" A patrol angel spots him, approaching. Raphael's man.

Castiel slides his angel blade into grip, ready to fight. The angel throws himself at him, young and inexperienced. Castiel stabs his blade out, right into his heart. The angel bursts into bright light and collapses into nothing but a pile of meat suit.

Castiel sighs, eyeing the corridor that doesn't have the person he came looking for one last time, picking up the blade and rushing to the other side.

More patrols hear the noise, gathering in this direction. He has to leave the place in a rush.

<br>

Crowley is not happy to see him. Not at all, to say the least.

"Why are you here again?" He's halfway poking a monster's brain, electrical pod in his gloved hand, blood stains on his apron.

"I need to find the Purgatory. NOW!" Castiel snaps.

"Great! That makes the two of us." Crowley makes his voice sound cheerful. "Then why don't you go ahead with your quest or whatever and bring me more Alphas, we'll figure that out soon."

Castiel takes two steps forward, right in front of Crowley, almost nose to nose growling into his face. "You don't understand. Soon is not enough, I need it NOW!"

Crowley eyes him curiously. "What's the rush? Already the checkmate time upstairs?"

Castiel looks away.

"Not the war then." Crowley reads his face. "Then must be the Winchesters. What, they have a sudden interest in the place as well or something?"

Cas shifts uneasily, moving farther away, fluttering. "No."

"My my, can't be one of them already gone there, can they?" Crowley makes an exaggerated tsk. "No wonder you can't wait a single second. Always too fond of those two you can't focus on anything now, are you?"

Cas glares at him, snapping harshly. "Yes! Dean's there! Okay? Satisfied?"

The demon hums, definitely sounding like he's enjoying himself too much. "All the more reasons to poke around the Alphas, don't you think? Chop, chop, Feathers, don't want to make your boyfriend wait down there for too long."

Castiel thins his lips, lines tight. "Do you have more information from your side?" His head tilting towards that little creature Crowley tied to the stretcher.

The demon casually gives it a shock as he speaks, the monster moans at the electric strike. Crowley listens to the sound like it's music. "Nothing yet. I'll drop a line when I find anything --"

"Good." Castiel cuts in. Within a blink, he flies away.

Crowley puffs out a laugh. "Talk about motivations."