---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Red and Black（Chap.1）Red（3）
date: 2025-02-25 02:36
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 Destiel Angst Bang
long_novels: 【Destiel】Red and Black
---

The end of the stream leads to an opening. The woods are sparse. The water looks clean -- cleaner, relatively speaking.

Dean drops to his knees to scoop up some of the clear liquid to drink. The coolness washes down the dirt in his gullet, making him breathe easier. He washes his face and hands too, but doesn't bother cleaning all the other blood stains on his clothes or skin.

In the reflection, Dean sees a face he can barely recognize, with stubble covering his jaw, dark bags around his eyes, bruises and cuts here and there. And the fangs, the ugly uneven fangs that jut out, visible whenever he opens his mouth, refusing to contract however hard he demands his body to. Dean slaps the water surface to break the image, to not have to look at that face again -- the face of a monster he and his family have devoted to killing.

He leaves the water's edge, heading toward the middle of the opening where, according to some of the old creatures he killed earlier, there would sometimes be a disturbance in the air flow. No one here knows where the stir comes from, but if Dean has to guess, this is where the veil is the weakest.

If a long shot is all he can get, then Dean would take it. He walks toward the said location, waving his blade at the nothingness in the empty air, observing, thinking, waiting. The air is unmoved, but his gut is giving him a drag, the hair on the back of his head rising -- some weird vamp hyper-sense or whatever it is, Dean's expecting something or someone approaching.

Dean stares at the middle of the ground hard, blade in hand, counting his own pounding heartbeat. Waiting.

<br>

The back alley where the taxi is parked is connected directly to a small opening surrounded by four painted walls. The drawings are wild and overly colorful, dizzying and frantic. Looking at them for too long might make one's head ache if one were human. Castiel looks at them for a moment and then looks away.

"You have thirty minutes. I'll see you where I drop you. Don't miss the ride, alright?" Ajay gives him a sly grin, starting the ritual without waiting for an answer.

The air swirls, sand and dust rising from the ground, creating a small sandstorm. In front of him, the wall painting comes alive, opening up and swallowing him whole.

In the blink of an eye, the surroundings shift. The walls and streets disappear into bleak woods and a grey sky. Monsters growl in the distance. Except --

They're not really in the distance.

Black smoke drops to the ground around him like debris from an asteroid crashing onto a planet. Creatures with no face but all teeth emerge from the smoke, surrounding him and shrinking the circle fast.

"What?--" That is the only syllable Castiel manages to make before the attacking begins.

They are fast, and strong. So strong even as an angel he can't match their strength. Castiel is thrown into the air by this one and that, sharp black teeth sinking into his flesh. He does not know if it's his vessel or his grace that is being devoured. He screams in pain and feels his strength draining rapidly.

"We are Leviathans." One of them enjoys too much in its feast on him, it actually bothers to answer his question.

Castiel gasps in disbelief. The pre-Biblical monsters that could devour every living thing that ever existed from the Creation, devour a whole planet and maybe even the entire worlds if they have the chance -- God had to create a whole Purgatory to lock them away. He has heard of them like a rumor story Balthazar would talk about when he was in a good storytelling mood, but Castiel never thought they were more than a story. And now, he's in the center of their dinner table.

For a split second, Castiel thinks this might be his way of dying -- his true and final death. Becoming the shared food of the Leviathans, without having a chance of finding Dean or saving him from this place. His gut twists. Cas focuses all his attention on the scrap of grace he has left, trying -- thinking -- about exploding himself one last time just to get rid of these filthy creatures that live in the same dimension as Dean. That is when he feels the grips and teeth on his body loosen.

Flashes of a blade shine in front of him, a teethy head flying up before dropping to the ground, rolling a few steps away, spilling a rain of black drops.

Cas hauls himself upright, looking at the figure fighting off the creatures that are now starting to surround --

"Dean!" he cries out his name unbelievably.

"Cas?" Dean answers automatically, looking in his direction, overjoyed, eyes sparkling.

But just that blink of distraction leaves enough of a fatal opening, the Leviathan he was fighting gets the jump on him, layered teeth opening wide, angling itself to bite down on Dean's shoulder. Dean is pinned to the ground, immobilized.

"NO!!" Castiel rages, eyes blazing bright. "Close your eyes!" he manages to shout at the last moment, can't see if Dean has covered his eyes or not, pouring his power onto that Leviathan that is going to hurt Dean. Castiel can't think or see anything else.

When the light fades, Dean pants heavily. The Leviathans are still there, even more than before. The one bearing Cas's angelic rage backs off a few steps, but it doesn't seem to be hurt, not fatally anyway. It spreads its hideous jaws, laughing wide and ugly. Its voice as sharp as its teeth, and it says, smirkingly, "Rock beats scissors, Leviathan beats angel."

There is no way they can defeat them, no way to even get a head start to run away from them long enough to reach the rendezvous point the rogue reaper promised.

"Dean!" Cas is desperate, doesn't even have time to check if Dean is hurt. His vision is blocked by more apparently irritated Leviathans attracted by the light show. There is no way he can make it out alive, the monsters are obviously more interested in him than anything else, but Dean, if Dean can make it to the rendezvous point, then maybe --

"Dean! You have to go! I'll distract them! The -- the ride is coming soon --" The attacks already resume, the angel blade is doing very little, more teeth and black goo sinking into his flesh and bones, Castiel screams in his true voice.

<br>

The yell of pain is the first thing that catches Dean's attention. The familiar trench coat comes next.

The black smoke turns into monsters he's never seen before, all teeth and no face, the ugliest bastards one can ever imagine. But luckily, it seems beheading does the trick, just like all the other creatures in this place -- at least temporarily.

Cutting his way through the tightening ring, he sees Cas. Being torn apart alive, shredded by the teeth. Blood and grace spilling from the wounds, he can't even tell what's the vessel and what's the angel.

Cas.

For that blink of time, emotions pour into him so fast Dean's almost dizzy with feelings, his steps stumble for the briefest instant, then he immediately aims the blade towards the closest uglyass thing.

Adrenaline pumping in his temple, blade rising and falling, heads rolling, black blood splattering, it almost becomes mechanical.

"Cas." Dean breathes out the name, looking him up and down, overwhelmed by the joy of seeing him again. But there is no time for catching up, no time for a single word to say how damn glad he is to see him, and also how pissed he is that these uglyass things showed up and sticking around the moment Cas appeared, and now they are in a bigger mess than handling wolves and vamps.

When he is pinned to the ground, watching the black goo dripping onto his face and the teeth of the monster ready to take a bite on him, with the last bit of strength, Dean casts one last glimpse at Cas, who actually seems okay and meets him in the eyes -- the eyes so deep and pained he loses the ability to read what's in them. Despite the fresh bleeding wounds and cuts on his face and body, he can still straighten up and walk over. Alive. Cas is okay. Dean tries to pull a smile at him, only to see his eyes filled with the familiar bright color. He shuts his eyes just in time. The pressure on top of him releases.

But it is not over -- it is far from over. The monsters back off briefly, but they do not leave. Immune to angel power even, apparently. They took the divine wrath like a bear to a pebble thrown onto its head.

Circling around them only to look for the next opportunity to attack -- they even seem to be intelligent enough to be strategic. Monsters with brains, for fuck's sake. There is no way the both of them can get out of here alive. And he's not going to let Cas "be the distraction" as he said. Not again.

The air in the opening flares not too far away from them. Even closer to the full circle of the Leviathans.

"Dean! You HAVE to go now!" Cas's voice is mixed with the shrieking high pitch of unrecognizable frequencies and human words.

"I'm not leaving without you!" Dean shouts back, fighting his way towards the angel.

The blade cuts through the monsters, leaving bodies tumbling around them, but they're gluing back together and catching up fast. The one that still has its teeth on Cas's leg, Dean makes sure it gets chopped into even smaller chunks, and kicks its body far away.

"Come on! I got you!" He hauls Cas up, slinging his arm over his shoulder, rushing toward the lighted exit.

And then he stumbles, feeling a pull on his own legs -- a monster is dragging him back. Dean loses balance and falls to the ground, but they're so close now. Within two steps to the exit at most, he shoves Cas forward.

"No, Dean!" That is the last of Cas's voice he catches before the lights are out. No more exits.

Dean lets out a long breath. At least one of them is out.

Turning around to face the monsters on his tail, he raises his bone blade that is as long and sharp as their teeth.

Dean creeps a smile. "Game time?"
