---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Red and Black（Chap.5）Ashy（1）
date: 2025-06-09 15:59
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文", "吻"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 Destiel Angst Bang
long_novels: 【Destiel】Red and Black
---

"You what?!" Dean stares at him like the angel transformed into a creature again.

"I was working with Crowley looking for Purgatory --" Castiel repeats dutifully.

"Yes, I heard you the first time, dumbass, I'm asking why the hell would you do that!" Dean snaps. "Crowley, really?"

"There was no other way," Castiel answers bluntly. The dumbass probably still thinks that remains the best option. Dean really wants to punch him just to knock some sense into him.

"Dude, there is always a better option than making a deal with a demon! Especially Crowley!" Dean glares at him.

"Like what, for instance?" Castiel meets his eyes.

"Like me! For instance!" Dean can't help raising his voice. "Did it occur to you that you can always come to me for help, Cas? That we don't have to carry every damn thing on our shoulders, because we have each other?" His voice falters at the end, dipping into sadness. Dean doesn't want to think about why.

Castiel swallows, and doesn't answer immediately. Dean almost thinks he'd never hear an answer and he wouldn't know what to do with the knot in his gut, when Cas answers, "Yes." Dean doesn't know why he's surprised.

"Yes, Dean, of course I do," Cas tells him, his face lined in remorse. "That was the first thing I did when I realized there was going to be a civil war in Heaven. I was at your doorstep. But you couldn't see me then."

"Then why didn't you knock?"

"How could I? After everything we'd been through," Cas tightens his jaw, "After Hell and two Apocalypses, you finally had a family, a woman who loved you and a kid who admired you, how could I take that away from you?"

Dean swallows hard. "It doesn't matter," he finally manages to say. "That's not the life I belong to anyway."

Cas's eyes sadden. "I can see that. Please know it was never my intention."

Dean has to turn away, walking to the opening of their base to even his breath for a moment. Then, "Well, next time you have a problem, you go straight to me. No lies, no partial truths. You tell me everything you know, and we handle the problem together. You hear me, Cas?"

Castiel watches his back, nodding slowly and solemnly. "Yes, Dean."

Dean glances back over his shoulder. "Great, now I feel like some douchbag commander giving orders and you're just like a good little soldier knowing one line for your whole life: 'Yes, sir.'"

Cas blinks blankly. "Would you prefer I say no?"

Dean sighs, a small chuckle escaping. "It's a joke, never mind. What now?"

Cas steps beside him, to the threshold of their makeshift shelter -- a cave formed by natural stone and some extra tree trunks barring as a crude door. Together, they look out into the open air and sky of Purgatory. It looks exactly the same no matter how many times they watch.

"Now we leave this place and go back to Earth," Cas says.

Dean eyes him, "We can do that?"

"Yes," Cas says briefly, his gaze still on the farthest distance they can reach. The woods are relatively quiet at this hour, but silence doesn't mean safe. There is no safe anywhere in Purgatory, there's only busy hours and slow hours.

"And the punchline is?" Dean knows better than to trust there is any free lunch anywhere ever.

Castiel hesitates.

Dean bites, "What did we just agree on, Cas?"

Cas shifts his feet, "I need to absorb enough souls -- maybe even all of them -- to have enough power to open a portal."

Dean squints, "Which makes it exactly the same plan you had initially to fight with Raphael."

Cas nods.

"Let me guess, the risk is you might not survive this, is that it?" Dean can almost see the card Destiny always loves to play on them.

"Possibly," Cas nods again without hesitation. "But we don't know for sure. No one has tried anything like this before."

"So we're like the first ones to try the crabs," Dean mutters, "Could be good delicious food, could be poisoned to death."

Cas hums quietly in agreement, then, "There is no other way."

"You knew it even before you came down here, didn't you?" Dean realizes, turning toward Cas fully, "You knew you'd have to do this and you might not survive it."

"Yes," Cas answers easily. "To save you, that's a risk I'm willing to take."

"Why?" Dean asks bluntly.

"Why?" Cas echoes, like he's genuinely confused why that's a question even needs to be asked.

"Yes, I have to ask, why?" Dean has to push down something bubbling in his own gut again that he doesn't want to touch, just following the conversation that is already out there. His eyes slide down from Cas's eyes to his lips, his mind remembers the taste of his lips, but he forces his eyes to move back to the blue eyes. Dean wets his own dry lips unconsciously.

Cas's gaze locks onto Dean's, almost piercing deep inside. Then he averts his eyes.

"I still see myself as the Winchesters' guardian angel," Castiel states with an even voice, "I need to take care of the humans in my charge -- you and your brother."

"That's it?" Dean prompts, his voice dropping quieter. The bubbles and the knots in the gut are getting worse, he pours some icy water over them and boxes them away.

"Yes," Cas says. Not meeting his eyes.

Dean's Adam's apple bobs up and down once, his eyes lingering on the angel standing straight next to him for one long minute.

"If this is gonna be the last time I see you," Dean says slowly, swallowing hard, "I want you to hear this, Cas: Thank you, I mean really, thank you, for everything you've done for us. For me, especially. I just realized I've never really said that, I can't believe I never did. And I'm sorry for pulling you into all kinds of shitholes, you don't deserve that. And for Christ's sake, you're so much more than just our guardian angel, you're... you're my best friend, you're family. You have to know that, Cas."

Castiel looks at him with a small sincere smile. "Thank you, Dean," he says formally. "It's an honor to know you."

And that, is the breaking point for Dean.

"Fuck," he curses, not caring about anything anymore. Dean reaches out and hauls Cas forward by the collar, pulling him over, dragging him into a tight hug with his lips on the angel's. The lips are as dry and chapped as the last time he remembered, but warmer and more alive. His teeth almost bump into Cas's lips, with his fangs scraping the inner of his own lips. Dean restrains himself from using tongue and teeth. It's still a messy one.

Cas stills for a brief moment. His body moves before his eyes calming down from the wild startle. His arms wrap around Dean's back, pushing a reassuring weight on him, pressing their bodies together with the warmth of the chests radiating through the touch. His lips following Dean's motion, he returns the kiss as Dean leads.

Dean pants when he pulls back just an inch, arms still wrapped around the back of Cas's head, his black hair more ruffled than before. Dean rests his head against Cas's shoulder, their cheeks brushing.

"That's how much I don't want you to die, you get that?" Dean murmurs into Cas's ear, eyes closed. "If there's any chance of living, any at all, don't die." He hears his tone pleading, and he leaves it be.

"Okay," Cas answers quietly, his voice passing through the vibration of his chest and Dean can feel it right where his heart pounds.

"Okay." Dean pats his back one last time and lets him go. He wipes the corners of his eyes.

"Alright then. Let's juice you up and blow a hole in this godforsaken place."
