---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Red and Black（Chap.8）Sanguine（2）
date: 2025-06-10 04:02
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester", "Michael", "Lucifer"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 Destiel Angst Bang
long_novels: 【Destiel】Red and Black
---

The Hell ride is much smoother than Dean expects. Not a single demon in sight, not even Crowley. The stairs downward are an empty endless spiral stairs. It's only one step away from having a red-carpet homecoming party, another step in the other direction to be just a deserted construction site.

They fly down to the lowest level.

The Cage hangs in an absolutely dark space with all but nothingness. Not even a single source of light.

Cas conjures a torch and hands it to Dean.

The Cage is chained by eight long thick iron chains, each locked on one corner of its cubical shape. Countless smaller strings extend from its edges and sides, taut like the threads of a spiderweb. The box does not swing the slightest in midair.

Dean has to admit, this place looks a thousand times worse than the Pit. And he isn't even inside it yet.

"Sam's in there?" Dean whispers with a bump in his throat.

Cas nods quickly, his fingers nimbly dancing on the thinnest strings in the space that Dean doesn't even notice exists. Cas touches and tunes them one by one like unlocking the most complicated lock in history. Dean's eyes follow his fingers' movement closely, awed by the precision and complexity.

It indeed looks quite impossible to get in or out of that thing, by the look of its security system. Dean feels so much more confident about locking up some bad guys in there.

The last string loosens with a tiny clank. The top of the Cage opens automatically.

"Watch," Cas orders Raphael. With a snap of his fingers, one side of the Cage turns transparent.

Inside, two archangels and two slightly glowing lights in the vague shape of human figures crowd in there like caged animals at a crappy zoo.

Cas turns to Dean. "I would have asked you to wait here too, Dean."

Dean glances at the glass cage. "But Sam's in there."

"That's why I said 'would have', you wouldn't agree anyway." Cas nods in understanding.

He flies both of them into the Cage.

<br>

Sam's soul curls into a tiny ball on itself at the farthest corner from Lucifer. Adam and Michael take another corner. Lucifer has more than half the space to himself, and he is singing the worst off-key tune at the top of his volume: "Camptown ladies sing this song, Doo-dah, doo-dah! Camptown racetrack five miles long, Oh, doo-dah day!" Sam's soul trembles whenever Lucifer glances his way.

"Dean Winchester and Castiel," Lucifer stops pacing around the Cage, turning to them, grinning wide. "Aren't I lucky to have two visitors in one day? Sammy, Mikey, wakey wakey, we've got company!"

Of all the angels and demons, Lucifer has still managed to be the worst in every sense.

Dean wonders why Michael and Lucifer still haven't choked each other to death after one year in here.

"Because we're besties, aren't we, Mikey?" Lucifer reads his mind -- or maybe just randomly guessed right his thoughts.

Michael pays him no attention.

Dean rushes toward Sam's soul.

The poor thing is so tortured it shivers at even the smallest movement or change of sound in the air. Its light flickers weakly as Dean approaches. He reaches a hand toward the core of this cloud of light, and the soul screams in pain and terror. Dean stares at this thing that's supposed to host Sam's memories and past, the part that makes Sam *Sam*, but looking at it now, he fears he's not making the right decision.

Dean looks down at the glowing light shape in agony, having a moment of Deja Vu -- it is no different from holding little Sammy's cradle and dashing through the fire. And now the fire when he was four is back, trapping him again. He freezes.

Castiel is a little too busy to help Dean right now. He is reaching for Adam when Michael starts moving -- the first sign that shows he's still alive. Cas almost gets Adam, and that's when Michael attacks without any foretold, like a cat suddenly leaps into a nest of birds. His archangel blade appears in his palm in no time and stabs at Cas, Adam falls back into Michael's arms.

Cas shifts to the side, dodging the blade. Michael may be fast, but God power is faster.

On the other side, Lucifer coordinates his strike as if the two of them have practiced it a dozen times against a common enemy. Right as Castiel jumps out of Michael's reach, Lucifer's blade sinks into the small of his back.

Castiel lets out a low stifled sound of pain. Dean looks up sharply, shaking off all the shock and heavy memories, and scrambles to his feet, rushing to his side to help.

"Don't worry, I'm not hurt," Cas tells him calmly. Hovering his hand over the wound, the stab stops bleeding and the flesh knits itself back together.

"We should get going," Dean urges, tugging his arm.

"Michael won't let Adam go," Cas replies, frowning.

"You can't Obi-Wan him into it?" Dean suggests.

Cas raises a questioning eyebrow.

Dean clarifies, "Use your God mojo and make him."

"Not so much on archangels," Cas admits.

"You know what else archangels can do?" Lucifer chirps. "Not even God's power is all invincible. We locked God's sister away once, just the four of us. We are two short, but Castiel, don't forget you are not Father, you are only playing Father. When I get out, and when you run out of that power, I'll crunch you between my teeth."

Before Castiel can say anything, Dean already jumps in front of him, landing a punch on Lucifer's face.

Lucifer gets slammed into the wall by his side, and Dean breaks his wrist.

Dean turns to look, blinking -- it definitely wasn't his punch that blew the Devil away. It was Castiel extending a hand like a palm cannon, holding Lucifer down. The Devil is silenced for the moment.

Dean rushes to his side. Cas heals him with the lightest touch of his free hand.

"Can you cure Sam too?" Dean asks, breathless, too overwhelmed worrying about everyone and everything. "Wipe those Hell memories for him or whatever horror he had to live through?"

Cas edges to Sam's soul, placing a gentle palm over that trembling cloud of light. The bloody pink surface that looks awful lot like flayed skin in boiling water starts calming down. Dean watches the bubbling light cloud slowly ease down, reminded of how the crybaby Sammy used to be coaxed to sleep when he was still wrapped in a warm swaddle. Dean doesn't realize since when does a small smile curling onto his lips.

They manage to steal Adam too, in the end, with a small diversion strategy to draw Michael away from what's probably his favorite human pet or whatever's been going on between them.

Michael growls at them furiously as Cas leaps out of the Cage with Dean -- along with Sam's soul and Adam's soul and broken body.

Behind them, they can hear Lucifer unleashing his rage on his brother, and Michael returns the favor. Dean is too busy watching Cas and their rescues to notice any more of their little activities.

Once outside, Castiel turns full-on into a god of healing -- patching Sam up with more delicacy than the rushed emergency patch a moment ago, then Adam. Fixing Adam's shattered body takes nearly as much effort as healing his soul, but Castiel finishes the work in the end. All the while Dean is thinking if that's exactly how Cas fixed his or Sam's body too -- the Winchester's guardian angel fixing all three brothers, is it a miracle or a duty fulfilled?

Raphael watches him do the work.

"Why do you care about them so much?" Raphael asks abruptly.

Castiel meets Dean's eyes and considers it for a long moment before answering. "Because someone important to me taught me to, they changed me to care, so now I care for them, I care for all of them."

Dean can't hide his proud grin.

Raphael considers his answer, but to be honest, Dean doesn't think she even has the capability of understanding any of that. And he wouldn't exactly find it surprising.

"What now?" Raphael wonders aloud.

"Obey me and give up Apocalypse, or you get locked in that Cage like Michael and Lucifer. Choose wisely," Castiel demands.

It's the same tone Cas used that night about two years ago when he told the archangel, "Today, you're our bitch."

That is victory right there. They should have more of these, just as rewards for all the trouble of saving the world. Dean thinks. Or maybe something as small as a straight twenty-four hours of peaceful sleep. He can appreciate that too.

"Fine," Raphael says after a long pause, kneeling down slowly with her head jerked high and defiant. "This good enough?"

"Attaboy," Dean beams, glancing at Cas.

"I'm glad," Castiel tells him, resting a gentle hand on the archangel's shoulder. Raphael scoffs.

"But for your past attempt of splitting the angels, for starting a war, there will be punishment," Castiel continues to announce. "The punishment, is the rest of your life in the Cage."

What the hell? Dean gapes in shock, staring at Cas.

His angel doesn't look back, only heading toward the Cage's door once again, dragging the archangel with him. Dark lines coil across his skin. Dean's heart sinks.

Raphael is forced to follow him, eyes full of disgust.

The two of them stop at the opening of the Cage.

"You know, there is a better place for a monster like you -- Purgatory, because you are more monster than God, Castiel. You've always been a monster. A disaster," Raphael spits. "I see what you really are. If anyone deserves to rot in the Cage for eternity, it's you. I'm doing this for the world."

Before Dean can react, before he can even blink, Raphael grabs Castiel by the shoulder, and hurls them both over the edge into the Cage.

"NO!!" Dean screams, desperate, only to watch Castiel's body fall.

The lid of the Cage slams shut automatically.
