---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Red and Black（Chap.3）Shadow（1）
date: 2025-02-27 01:54
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 Destiel Angst Bang
long_novels: 【Destiel】Red and Black
---

Dean lingers not far from the same opening that he last saw Cas for that brief moment. Sometimes by the stream, sometimes on the edge of the closest woods, but most of the time, just in the plain middle of the opening, without cover. It is a bad idea -- actually, the worst one possible -- to not move swiftly in a place like this.

Purgatory is the monster hunting ground, and staying put means food.

But Dean stays near there anyway. If the monsters come, he kills them. If the door opens again, he goes home. The logic simplifies down to the simplest, Dean distantly wonders if his brain will degenerate for lack of use, but soon he pushes that aside as well.

Leviathans still emerge once in a while, dropping in here and again like a recurring termite problem in an old house, though not as many as when Cas was here. Their faces shift between human appearance and the teethy monstrous face. Decapitation is still the best solution Dean can find. Not like there is any research book or anything else in Purgatory he can use anyway.

He would have lost the concept of time entirely if it weren't for his watch still ticking and running. But he doesn't know if it's a good thing or bad. Watching the hands tick one second, then another, slowly crawling forward, Dean thinks going lunatic is just a matter of time if he can't figure something out soon.

And he can't figure anything out.

The air never stirs again in the same way it did when the portal opened last time. There is no lit-up exit, no jail breaker or bail release.

Sometimes, Dean even considers sparing some monsters on his way, keeping one as a pet or something, to at least have something to look at and talk to -- hopefully one that's least ugly to look at -- just to keep himself sane for a little longer. He understands why Robinson Crusoe kept Friday on that island now.

And then, on a day he's long since lost count of which, he is attacked by a dozen vampires at once. Sarcastically, he knows them all. From that nasty nest that started this whole nightmare and sent him here.

He fights and kills and struggles and swings, taking down as many as he can, but a small part of his brain already knows how this will play out. That part of his mind floats above him, watching the scene unfold like a Deja Vu or a rewatched movie.

"I killed you once, don't mind doing that again," the big boss vamp grins, showing his ugly fangs, and knocks him down. Dean loses grip on the blade, pinned to the ground, all too similar to the first round.

Where do monsters go after they die in Purgatory? It's not the first time he's wondered, but this time he might actually go check it out himself.

And then, that vamp loses its head. Its headless body freezes, its grip on Dean's throat loosens, and then it falls stiffly down on top of him, not moving an inch anymore. Blood from the broken neck spills all over Dean's face.

Dean looks up.

A large monster holds the bitten-off vampire head between its teeth. The cutting edge where the neck should connect to the body drips blood between the creature's fangs. It sees him, hesitating, as if it can't decide whether to spit that bloody head out or swallow it.

It ends up swallowing it in a gulp. Light flares in its eyes as the head moves down its throat, and moments later, fades again. It still stares at Dean, not even blinking.

Dean jumps to his feet, blade ready, pointing at this new strange thing.

It's a huge creature, casting a long, stretched shadow across the ground as it moves, larger than most of the monsters around here, larger than most of the Leviathans even. Dean has never seen anything like this before, dead or alive, with furs and scales and fangs all at once, a hybrid of so many different things. Large, but broken. Confusing, but powerful. Troubling, but not ugly, not exactly. Just weird, and somehow it doesn't look like it belongs here, or anywhere. A creature that shouldn't exist even in lore. A creature that definitely doesn't look like naturally born.

Dean steps back slowly as the monster moves toward him in small steps, both of them prudent. It must be stronger than him, way stronger. Judging by how it bit off that vampire's head, it could probably kill Dean in a blink without breaking a sweat. Then why is it just looking at him, doing nothing?

Its fangs jut behind its closed mouth, still glinting with fresh blood. On its back, black twisted parts stick out, looking more like broken horns than wings.

Dean frowns at this thing, hunter's instinct kicking in, pulling and dragging him in two different directions. The blade in his hand is still dripping blood from the vampires he killed minutes ago, the instinct of continuing the action he's grown increasingly familiar with washes over him. It might be strong, but Dean is fast. If he's lucky, he might get a chance to its weak spot if it has any -- with such a twisted clumsy body and weird biological structure, he bets it can't move as fast as he can.

But then, there is something else in it that makes him pause. Looking. Observing. Asking questions first and shooting second. Something about this monster -- maybe it's the black wing-like structure on its back, maybe it's the slightly tan hide and dim blue front, or just the way it approaches him, the way it bit off the head of the vamp that almost killed him again -- somehow, Dean think it's not going to hurt him. Somehow, it can be trusted. He thinks he must've already lost his damn mind to think that for a whole new level of freak.

Dean circles it, checking out its side, its back, its shape. It stops moving, standing still, letting him look, allowing him move behind it where it can't see, purring and moaning in a low grave sound. Not menacing, more like a sad, quiet plea. More trusting than anything else he's met in here or out there. He could easily stab it in the back right now if he wanted. Dean silently shifts the angle of his fingers on the blade, gripping it tighter, but not pointing at the thing. Not yet anyway, not unless he has a reason to.

Dean notices it's wounded, badly. Not fatal, probably, but surely hurt like hell. There are teeth-shaped wounds on its legs bleeding black and a round bullet-shaped hole on its shoulder bleeding crimson red. When it moves, its left paw lands shallower than the rest, he'd guess there are cuts there too.

The vampire part of him is still functioning. The metallic smell of blood leaking from the creature is too strong, there is no way of ignoring. Dean sniffs. The most confusing part is, the blood doesn't smell right. Human blood smells fragrant, vampire blood dull and dead, demon blood sour, Leviathans bitter. But this thing, it's like a drug store, with all kinds of bad smells mixed together, flowing in its veins, masking whatever used to be there.

"What are you?" Dean can't help asking.

The monster answers him in a low set of guttural mumbling, presumably telling him things about itself but he hasn't the faintest idea of monster language.

"Alright, chill, pal," Dean says, walking two more steps closer to it, cautiously.

It's about within its attack range now, if it desires. Dean holds eye contact, waiting for a killer blow, weighing whether the blade should target to its paw or the head first if that happens.

But nothing happens. It holds the stare, looking back, looking straight. It barely blinks.

The feeling is strangely familiar.

Dean thinks he even sees a familiar shade of blue. He must be hallucinating now. Or wishful thinking, whatever that means.

"Okay, this is just getting weird," Dean mutters, lowering the blade, shaking his head. "You just remind me of my best friend."

The creature purrs louder, the sound strained and urgent.

Dean raises his eyebrows. Then he tells it, "No, uh-uh, no way, I'm not gonna name you 'Cas' just 'cause you want me to. What do you think my angel buddy would feel if he knew?"

He considers "Thursday" as a name for the briefest moment.

He still ends up naming the creature "Cas".

Cas might just find it hilarious and then have that little amused smile of his, it would be nice to see him smile. Dean reasons with himself, patting the creature gently on the back where the scales cover. It feels cold and sticky.

Dean pulls his hand back.
