---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Red and Black（7）
date: 2025-03-01 16:44
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文", "吻"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 Destiel Angst Bang
long_novels: 【Destiel】Red and Black
---

Things are never good or easy or anywhere remotely like that in their whole lives. Dean should know.

Cas is getting better, that's for sure. The wounds healing, the monstrous parts molting. The bones on its back stretch from the folded position, finally starts to look like wing bones, though there is still very few feathers left. Paws and furs and scales shrinking and dropping.

Dean has a hunch that this monster isn't a monster to start with, but a hunch is just a hunch, he can't know for sure. Some theories have crossed his mind, sure, but without knowing for certain, without being able to *talk* to the creature, what he knows is still a big pile of jack.

All he can do is scratching his brain out wondering. And continue doing what he and the creature have been doing for god knows how long -- killing, and more killing, the endless killing and hunting. Story of his life.

And then, the Leviathans come back. They were never away, but now they are clearly back into the game, back with their dedicated appetite for them. And they come at the worst time.

Cas is going through another round of changing. It's happening more and more often lately. And the changing process is taking longer and more painful -- judging by its repressed moan and groan. All the scales on the left side of its body peel off, showing naked fresh skin not too different from human skins -- tender, and vulnerable. Dean isn't even sure if it's a good thing or bad. Certainly it's the worst timing when attacks are coming.

Cas is moaning lowly with unease. They're surrounded.

The way those Leviathans approach and circle them, Dean has the vague impression they have the same amount of interest just last time Castiel was here. The only times they show such dedicated focus on one thing.

"Back off!" He yells, tightening the grip on the blade, stepping back until his back is pressed to the familiar body warmth. "It's just called Cas, not even the real Cas!"

The leading Leviathan widens its ugly mouth and laughs, the sound so shrieking that the distant howling of other monsters silenced in terror. "You know nothing." It mocks him, gloating. "We can smell the angel from across the land. Don't know what he did to himself, but now it's back to the delicious dinner flavor."

Dean's heart sinks, he glances at *Cas* in shock, meeting its -- his -- equally heartbroken eyes. Cas isn't exactly back to a form he can recognize him in confidence yet, but somehow, deep down, he thinks he already knew it's true, he just hasn't allowed himself to believe.

He pushes the sick feeling down, for now. The Leviathans are still here.

"It doesn't matter." Dean straightens the face, raising the blade. The body closest to him is still radiating heat in this cold bleak place, the familiar source of comfort.

Dean pulls the tip of his lips, ghosting a smile. "Whatever he is. You are still gonna die. All of you."

The wave of attacks are thrown onto them without warning. The leading Leviathan is fierce and enormous, when it opens the mouth, there are layers upon layers of teeth, all long and sharp like blades, a cave of teeth.

Dean swings the blade at it, it doesn't dodge, and the blade does little. Black liquid leaking from the contact, the blade sinking into a body that is definitely not flesh and blood. He gets thrown out of the way, his head knocking onto a rock in the ground, falling unconscious.

The last thing he hears before the black curtain draws in front of his eyes is Cas's pained yell that sounds nothing other than his own name.

Then the blinding lights of grace explosion and the darkness fall on him in the same time.

<br>

His head hurt like son of a bitch.

Dean curses as the sensation draws back into his body, knowing for sure if the pain is still here, he isn't going anywhere else, therefore definitely isn't dead in the monster afterlife, yet.

"Cas." His mind kicks back online, that's the first word popped in. He snaps open his eyes.

He is safe and sound, comfortable even, resting close to a source of warmth and something soft. The creature -- Cas, the real Cas, not just the name -- keeps him close, nestling him under itself -- himself.

Dean has to keep reminding himself the thing is a he, it's Cas, he's Cas.

"God, it's so messed up." He frowns tight, dragging himself on feet, almost staggering. The back of his head is still throbbing. He tries to ignore it.

"Hey, buddy." He reaches a hand towards Cas, touching his back, shaking gently. Only to feel a handful of stickiness. Castiel's eyes are shut tight, not moving an inch.

His stomach knits into a knot, sinking to the bottom. "No, no, no. Cas! Cas!" His palm is full of blood, fresh and iron sweet, tempting his own vamp fangs sticking out on instinct.

Dean swallows hard, holding back the breath just in case he can't restrain himself. His throat screams in thirst, he forces it all down.

It is only then does he see the new wounds on Cas's body. The new tender skin that is no longer covered by scales is torn wide open, the organs are exposed to the air, mixed with sluggishly flowing light. Grace hesitating on the threshold, moving in and out. The newly spread out wing bone on his back are snapped broken, almost twisted in half, looking worse even than before, hanging pitifully with the body only to the second joint. Corner of his mouth is still dripping blood of his own.

Dean's hands are shaking, panic rising. He reaches for a breath under Cas's nose, testing his pulse on his throat. The tiniest air flow blows onto his skin, the pulse is so weak that he almost misses it. But it's still there. Cas is hanging on the last breath. He hasn't lost him, yet.

Dean breathes out, stepping back, pacing. "Okay, okay, not too late, not bad, hang in there, buddy. What do I do, what do I do."

He glances around them. The Leviathans that were there before are all pieces and tears like exploded balloons now, but the black slime is still moving, one pile wriggling towards another, trying to glue themselves back together.

Dean picks up a dip with the tip of his blade, checking. "This is just disgusting." He looks back at Cas. "What do you think, this thing is edible or not? Would it make you better?"

Cas doesn't stir the slightest for any answer.

Dean has to answer it for himself. "Yeah I agree, can't be too picky right now, am I right?"

He holds a pile of the black goo in his palms, moving back to Cas, touching his lips. "Open up, Cas, dinner's ready."

Cas's mouth is closed tight, not any gap he can slide the "food" in.

Dean stares at him, frowning, desperate. "God, why does everything have to be so difficult."

Heart drumming, looking around, there is nothing around in visible distance, certainly no *one* around would see them.

Dean breathes out, looking at Cas on his closed eyes. "Sorry, no other way, don't say I take advantage of you when you're out, alright? Desperate times."

He takes the goo into his own mouth, trying his best blocking out the disgusting slimy texture and bitter taste. Kneeling down so he's in the same height as Cas's mouth where his monster body lays, Dean presses their lips together, pushing the "food" through.

Cas's lip is dry and frustose, rough like tree trunk, taste like copper and iron with a lingering taste of fragrant sweetness from blood. But at least it's opening now under the pressure, the remains of Leviathan slides in.

Dean watches his throat swallow, backing from his position, waiting.

Nothing big happens. No light show. But Cas's breath evens.

"Guess it's doing something then." Dean almost grins, breathing out in relief.

He licks his own lips, not realizing he's swallowing the residual taste of sweetness. When he does, he freezes. The taste is from the blood he touched accidentally by Cas's lips, Cas's blood, the sweet taste of angel blood. No wonder the Leviathans are gathering to him like flies to banquet.

The vampire part of instinct starts fighting for control in his brain, all he can taste and smell now is that specific exotic sweet-smelling. He can hear the blood flowing through Cas's vain now, slowly, as he's heartbeat is so weak -- something he's been trying to block out whenever the two of them are close.

Cas is dying and he's losing it. Dean tightens the fist and knocks it to his own head, desperately trying to clear his own mind.

"Not now!" he warns himself. "I'll kill you before you ever even think about draining him!"

He throws himself further away, gulping in the repulsive remnants of Leviathan, hoping in vain that the disgusting bitter flavor could force back the throbbing hunger and desire.

His steps shaky, hands trembling, but he moves back towards Cas, kneeling down again like the first time. Forcing the brain to think of only two things in the world that matters: "Cas is dying" and "Cas needs me".

He presses his lips onto Cas's, feeding him the source of strength he undoubtedly needs, then pulling away with a head so dizzy he can't even tell the direction.

But it's working. He can hear heartbeat growing stronger, blood flowing faster in his veins. Which is making the situation increasingly difficult for him, but it's good. It's good. Cas is getting better.

So he does it again.

And again.

<br>

The wounds are healing. The bones are growing back.

It takes ages, but they're getting there. The movements are getting familiar.

They finished off the pieces from the blasted Leviathans. Dean manages to move further, hunting more creatures and monsters on his own. Be it vampires or werewolves or wendigos or whatever they are, he just gulps them down, feeling the energy from their existence filling his inside, then goes back to the nest he manages to make and take Cas to, and feeds him.

He doesn't dare to move too far away or leave Cas alone unconscious for too long, so the trips are cutting short and trivial. It's tiring, but Dean manages to ignore it.

The biggest question is, why is Cas still not waking up.

"Used up all your stock for me again, didn't you?" Once, after making sure the flowing light of souls and energies have all gone through into Cas's mouth, Dean steps back, sitting down for some rest for himself, regarding Cas's shape.

"Don't know how much you had to hunt and eat to get to that state, just to throw away and start from ground zero again." Dean frowns at him, wondering aloud. "Cas, why are you doing all this?"

His best friend just has his eyes closed, quiet as always, not showing a sign that he hears him.

Dean has helped clean him up, wipe the face and body decent without making the wounded parts worse. And with the feeds, he does look a lot better.

Dean checks him up every now and then, noticing the small improvements with every feed. The scales are gone gradually, so are the paws. The wings take the longest time, the feathers seem to have to grow back one at a time, like spring blossoms and buds, but they all look good, shiny black and healthy. Cas's face is back to recognizable too, the same face he's been seeing a little more than two years now plus however many days he's been in here, Dean has no idea how much he misses him.

"Cas."

Sometimes he calls his name. Other times he prays.

The Leviathans had said he is back to angel now, more or less, isn't it? So with some luck, maybe he can hear his prayers better than his words? Dean has to give it a shot.

*Cas, man, please, hear me. Wake up for me.*

Dean thinks hard, more pleading than praying, but he doesn't really care. Anything to make things right again.

Putting words through mind seems to be easier than making them out of the tongue.

*I need you, buddy, you hear me? I need you breathing and kicking and alive, and we'll figure out the rest together. Just, come back to me. Cas, please!*

Castiel's face remains stoic, calm even, as if he's just deep in sleep.

Dean looks at him, having no clue what to do. Cas looks more human than ever, he can be distant and all powerful when he showed up as an angel, he can be fearsome and terrifying as a monster, but now he just looks like a human plus the wings. Chest rising and falling, everything seems to be normal, just not waking up.

Dean presses the heel of his palms on his eyes, feeling it hot and wet. Hopeless.

Eyes closed, he leans in, kissing the chapped lips, gentle. No soul to feed this time, just the touch.

He doesn't even know why he does that, his own body pulls him forward, leading the motion, and it offers him comfort. And hope. As if saying if he can still do this, then there is still way. His heartbeat soothes just as his lips caressing Cas's.

That is when he feels the lips shift. There is a startled gasp, an immediate pull away, and a dumb punch in the face.

Dean jumps back, looking up.

Cas is awake, pulled back from where he's lying, back pressed to the wall of the place Dean calls "home base" nowadays. Eyes panicked and shaky.

Dean doesn't know what is that feeling in his gut, is that joy or hurt, or both, maybe.

"Cas, Cas, it's me, it's okay." he rushes, holding out a hand like when he needs to calm a startled animal. "You're safe, it's just me."

The blue eyes falls on him, recognition rises. "Dean." He breathes out. The voice hoarse from lack of use, but it's human words. He looks around the place, looks down on himself, checking the fingers and behind his back, then looking Dean up and down. Eyes shining with unbelief.

Dean manages a smile. "Yeah, buddy. It's me. Welcome back."

Cas shifts the posture and sits straight, fingers touching his own lips, slow, as if reliving that lingering aftertaste. Dean feels blush rising up his cheek in the same place where he's punched, he rubs the place, trying in vain to hide it.

"What was that?" Cas looks at him again, following his fingers.

"Nothing." Dean realizes he answered too quick, thinking back. "Just, you know, testing out a theory, and apparently it worked. So now we can just --"

"What theory?"

"You know, just the fairy tales."

Cas raises an eyebrow in question. Dean finds his throat tight.

He sighs. "Sleeping beauty, princess, everyone knows the story, true love's kiss breaks all curses --" Cas opens his mouth, Dean rushes through, "-- which is probably just some coincidence! Can we just leave it like that?"

Cas closes his mouth, lowering his eyes. "Yes, we can just leave it like that." Then, "I'm sorry."

"For what?"

Cas looks up, guilt written all over his face. "Everything."

"Well, if you mean punching me in the face for waking you up, there's indeed better ways to say thank you." Dean swallows the feeling that is rising in his gut seeing the way Cas's eyes look, but he can't parse any of them.

"Not just that." Cas hesitates, but still, reaching a hand with two fingers pointed out, reaching for his cheek that is slightly getting swollen from the punch. "May I?"

Dean holds his gaze, putting his hands down, nodding once.

The heated sensation on the cheek goes away, so is the other small pain and wounds all over the body he doesn't realize he has.

Looking back in the angel's briefly brightened up eyes, he gives him a small smile. "Thanks Cas, good to have you back."
