---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Red and Black（Chap.9）Light（completed）
date: 2025-06-10 04:48
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文", "吻", "已完结"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 Destiel Angst Bang
long_novels: 【Destiel】Red and Black
---

(**Warning**: Include a small jump scare scene like classic horror movies would)

<br>

"No, no, no! Not again!" Dean pounds on the glass window of the Cage. The material is definitely not really glass, and it's most certainly one-sided and soundproof.

He can do nothing except for watching the sick bully show playing out inside -- the brutal shark in tank show with Cas's body on the meat hook.

The three archangels fall into alliance within seconds. Cas's eyes flicker between blue and black, Leviathan goo continuously falling out of him in thick strings.

Lucifer jump-starts the first round of attack, with Michael -- now without Adam, he is more involved in the activity as well -- on Cas's left flank, and Raphael on his right. Castiel's body shakes like a winter leaf under their strikes, the archangels stab him with their spiral blades, punching and kicking and beating him from every direction.

Within seconds, Castiel's body collapses to the ground, blood and goo flowing from broken joints and torn flesh. His eyes droop sluggishly with barely any light in the pupils.

*Cas, come on, stand up.*

Dean presses his palm against the Cage wall, begging desperately.

The prayer must have reached him, for the angel turns his head toward the side of the wall Dean's near. The attacks from the three archangels continue landing, but he seems to forget about them for just a moment.

Dean watches him hopelessly.

Castiel's broken lips move. Once, with three words. Then, with another three.

Dean doesn't need to hear or know about lip language to recognize them.

*I'm sorry.*

*I love you.*

"NO!!" Dean slams the wall of the Cage with all his force. His fists are covered with his own blood.

That is when Castiel's eyes brighten up. It lights up the whole dark space like a sun, and it continues growing and glowing, blazing into an exploding supernova.

Dean shuts his eyes close but even then, the blue white light sears through his eyelids, burning his vision bright, turning the dark world bloody red.

The sound is isolated inside the Cage, so is all the energy unleashed. The Cage barely shakes when the light recedes.

*Cas.*

Dean opens his eyes the moment he decides it's not going to blind him. He doesn't even realize he's sobbing when tears streak down his cheeks. He doesn't have the courage to look back into the Cage again for a long minute.

The Cage is a post-explosion debris. White smoke hasn't fully dissipated, colors smudging all over the space -- red is blood, black is Leviathan goo, mixing together with white and blue light, like a distained tragic scene after massive deaths, a battlefield from Picasso's paintings and Homer's poems.

*I love you too.* Dean presses his forehead against the glass, breath uneven, tears shredding. His lips tremble with one word: "Cas."

A sudden bloody hand slams against the wall from inside, leaving a trace of bloody handprints as it pulls a broken body up slowly into view. Matching Dean's hand on the other side.

Dean's heart pounds violently in his chest, so loud that he's sure the whole dark space would echo the sound of his heartbeat. He holds his breath, until Castiel's face emerges, until Cas slowly, gradually climbs out of the Cage on his own. In one piece.

Dean wraps his arms around him immediately.

"I thought I lost you," he tells him. His voice still wet.

"I thought so too," Cas answers honestly.

"What happened?"

"I exploded, and the energy from the Leviathans and the archangels cancelled each other out." Cas tilts his head. "Looks like the sharks killed each other, in the end."

Dean holds the angel's face, brushing blood from his cheeks with trembling fingers, examining his features carefully. There are no more dark veins with poisonous black worms crawling across, no black goo dripping. No sign of Dick anywhere. And judging by the mess inside Cage, no sign of the other feathery dicks as well.

Dean can't help laughing like a lunatic. "We gotta work on your jokes, it's even worse than the crab one."

Cas opens his mouth to retort, but Dean doesn't give him any chance.

Dean presses his lips onto Castiel's, drinking in every last bittersweet flavor in him. Cas returns the kiss without hesitation.

Dean closes his eyes. "Don't ever do that again."

Cas pauses. "The kissing?"

Dean chuckles. "No, dumbass, the dying."

He pulls the angel back into his hold and doesn't let go.

<br>

They stay until the King of Hell finally can't take it any longer and declares the "Public Museum of the Cage" is officially closed at this time of the year.

They arrive home with Sam's soul in a suitcase and their half-brother in the back seat. Dean knocks on Bobby's door with a stupid smile.

No one dies today. No world-ending event scheduled for next week. Everyone safe and sound with all monsters gone.

Talking about a big win.

Dean walks into Bobby's house giving the old man a tight hug. He gives Sam one too, after Cas puts his soul back.

Bobby asks how's the trip.

Dean says, with a wide grin, "Wouldn't recommend for honeymoon spots, one out of ten for Heaven, zero for Hell, negative infinity for Purgatory. And we might have missed a few steps before that."

He winks at Cas. "We're working on that."
