---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Red and Black（Chap.2）Black
date: 2025-02-26 23:40
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester", "Bobby Singer"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 Destiel Angst Bang
long_novels: 【Destiel】Red and Black
---

Castiel tumbles onto the cement ground, the body crashing onto the solidity of the real world. His mind takes a second to register.

He looks behind him frantically. But there is just the air, the wall, the static surrounding.

No tree, no monster, no Dean.

"No, no, no, no, no!" He jumps to his feet, fists punching the colorfully painted wall, as if it can tear apart the bricks to reveal the opening again. As if Dean is right on the other side of the wall.

"You have to take me back again, Ajay!" He calls out behind him.

"I don't think Ajay can take you anywhere now." The voice makes his blood cold. Castiel looks back, realizing belatedly the whole place's air is buzzing with archangel's power. The lights over head blink and blow up.

"Raphael." He turns around slowly, back pressed to the wall. Cornered.

Raphael is in a female vessel this time, the woman body is a few inches shorter than him. But the true form behind that vessel's face is still gigantic and dazzling bright.

Cas reaches to his inside, testing his grace. The fuel in tank so low that he can barely feel them, flowing sluggishly like trying to fetch out the last drop of water in a bottle. Zero chance this time then.

Raphael steps towards him, looking up at his face. The vial with his essence that he gave Ajay not long ago is in his grip, grace swirling inside the glass, soft and bright. The rogue reaper's body is limp by his cab on the ground, eyes burned out. Two other angels stand by the body.

"You killed him." Castiel shifts his eyes from the body back to the archangel, thinking hard, buying time.

"Thanks to you." Raphael shakes the vial slow, the grace inside turns faster like a tiny whirlpool. "This is beyond stupid even for you, Castiel. I'm disappointed, actually. I wasn't expecting you to be so... reckless. But in the end, dare to fight against me already tells that."

The human heart bumps hard and fast inside his chest. Is he human enough now for the spell to work? Cas feels the throbbing pain in the tears on his legs and over the whole body, wetness dripping from the wound. He takes the bet. The angel blade sliding into his palm behind his back.

"What are you going to do to me?" He looks at the archangel, questioning, not letting his eyes blink, not showing any fear that the other might be looking for.

"Kill you, of course." Raphael is only two steps away now. "I don't see God or Balthazar or any of the Winchester boys helping you this time."

Cas swallows, reflexively, at the bare mention of the word "Winchester", thought drifting away at the look Dean threw at him right before he pushed him out, letting himself be pulled away by the monsters. Oh God. He winces.

Raphael must notice that. The female face shows a slight hint of joy. "Feeling the fear now, finally? A little too late for that." The archangel raises his blade. "Good bye, Castiel."

Cas ducks aside, showing the angel banishing sigil he was drawing on the wall with his own blood. Palm pressed on the center of the sigil, it brightens up, blasting Raphael and the two other of his followers away. The blast gives himself a small heated burn on the side of the body that is closest to the wall, but that is all it does.

The small alley returns to dark and silence like there were never any angels there. Castiel leans back to the bloody wall, slumping slightly, rubbing at his own eyes, ignoring the dripping blood from the sliced palm.

Dean is still in Purgatory, he is exhausted and low in grace, the only being that can smuggle him to the Purgatory is dead. He needs a plan, but he can't think of one.

Castiel opens his eyes, looking up at the sky that is darkening slowly as the night falls, desperate. Dean would know what to do if he was here, he always can think of something. A next step, a joke to cheer up, an idea, something.

What would Dean do?

He gets an idea.

<br>

Cas appears in the middle of Bobby's living room. Bobby jumps, almost shot him with the gun by his hand. And Sam actually did, far across the room from the couch. The bullet pierces through his shoulder, flying out from the other side, sinking into the wall behind him.

"Sam?!" Cas gasps in pain, staggering two steps back by the impact. Blood streaming down from the new wound.

Bobby rushes to him.

"Sorry, panicked." Sam says, slightly apologetically, stuffing the gun back into belt.

"You need to wear a bell next time." Bobby is in front of him now, eyeing the wound that is making his coat a mess. That actually pulls Cas's lip up a tiny little bit.

He tells him, "Dean said that too."

The bullet hole remains a hole under the man's close checkup glare. Looking back into his eyes, Bobby's frowns deepen, "Why ain't it healed already?"

Cas presses a palm on the shoulder, vainly trying to stop the burning and pungent sensation but it does nothing, blood seeping through his fingers. More exhausted than before, he starts to think it might be a bad idea to come here. "My grace, I'm drained." He has to admit.

"You were in a fight?" Sam asks him.

"Not just any fight."

Cas tells them about the Purgatory, and Ajay, and Raphael, manages to leave out the parts with the Alpha and Crowley though. Bobby helps wrapping his shoulder and some obvious wounds on the legs in some bandage and he says thank you.

"Wow." Sam blinks at the eventful afternoon.

"I know." Cas looks down, sinking down on the chair by the diner table, resting the wounded arm on the armrest.

"No, I mean, you actually went to Purgatory for Dean?" Sam looks amazed. "Not even I would think of something crazy like that, don't think anyone ever would."

"Well, maybe you should!" Cas stares at him. "He's your brother, and he needs our help."

Sam's face unmoved. Cas squints, "What happened to you? You used to care about Dean a lot more."

Sam shrugs. "Nothing." Then, he returns the stare, "What happened to you, Cas? You used to care about Dean a lot less."

Castiel looks away, uneasy, eyes lingering on the window half covered by the flowing curtain. It's all dark outside now. Is the Purgatory darker in the night or would the sky there remain the same lifeless bleach and grey forever?

"Seems like you two just balanced out then." Bobby comments behind them. Sam huffs a laugh, Cas does not.

"I just want to fix this." He says, quieter. He didn't tell them every single detail about the monsters and Leviathans, and how Dean looks like during that brief moment they met down there. The eyes flashed with relief and shortly covered by anger again. He chews on the image and the look.

"What happened to 'The dead should stay dead' and not upsetting the natural order?" Sam raises his brows.

Cas drags his thought back, feeling the bone-deep exhaustion and pained sensation all over him that is dumbing but spreading, sprawling on every inch of his muscle and skin. Does human always feel like this when they are hurt? Does Dean?

"It's... he's just in another place. We can still bring him back." This is what Cas manages to land on. Not exactly an answer, but hopefully it's enough.

"Listen, Angel, I want Dean back as much as you do," Bobby chimes in. "But how? You said yourself, there is no elevator going down there and no more taxi driver to help, any genius idea now?"

"I was hoping to find some answer here." Cas looks at the old hunter, pointedly.

Bobby blinks. "I ain't get nothing."

Castiel nods at the mountainous books on the floor and on the shelves. "Your books might."

<br>

Cas pauses on a page, reading it over, and rereading it. Fingers rubbing the corner of the yellowed page.

He stands up and walks towards the cabinet where Bobby keeps most of his spell ingredients and pots and pans. The other two men look up from their books.

"Find anything you want to share with the class?" Bobby's eyes follow his steps.

Cas's steps are still stumbling, the bandage that covers the hole on the calf leaks hints of black, the one on his shoulder red. He reaches the top shelf with the uninjured hand.

Bobby grabs the book that he was reading. Castiel already knows what he's going to hear.

"You can't possibly think about doing THAT?!" Bobby snaps, passing the book to Sam.

"Figured you might say that." Cas doesn't stop the movement, not looking back.

"Then you know how stupid this is! Cas, come on, there gotta be another way."

"What if there *is* no other way?" Cas grabs three jars the size of vase, putting on the table, rummaging through the drawers now. His face calm the first time since he entered the room. Eyes focused. "What if we wait for too long to look for a different solution only to be too late for Dean?"

"You don't know what the spell would do to you!" Bobby tries again.

At that, Cas looks up. "Well, technically, I do. It would turn me into a monster. Because that's the point, isn't it? Only the monsters can go to the Purgatory, so it makes sense if I become one, then I can go and find Dean."

"After you are dead! And we don't know if there is any way to change you back!" Bobby walks over, puts his hands on Cas's wrist, stopping him for a moment. "Godammit, can you stop and think for a second? Do you think Dean would want that?"

Cas stares back. "I don't know! I don't know what Dean would want because he's not here! Why don't you let me do this so I can ask him myself?"

Bobby snaps with more exhaustion. "How on earth did Winchesters get that issue infected to you too? Just can't wait to sacrifice yourself for one another, you're just like their third brother now, you know that?"

Cas looks down at their hands. "I have to." is all he says.

Bobby loosens the grip, turning back to Sam. "You want to help me out there?"

Sam blinks. "For the record, I think the plan makes sense, reasonably speaking." At Bobby's stare, he hurriedly adds. "The 'only monsters can go to the Purgatory' part, I mean, there's indeed some more details we need to figure out."

Bobby squints at him, unbelievable. "Great, that makes me the weird one in the room. I'm gonna grab some drink then. You two knock yourself out doing... whatever you want to do, why do I bother saving your sorry asses."

He leaves the room, heading for the kitchen, probably.

<br>

The three ingredients on the list: demon blood, monster blood, and unholy man's blood -- the mixed blood that is so blasphemous that can turn the most holy thing to a monster.

Cas goes to fetch demon blood and monster blood, Sam says he'd take care of the last one.

They meet back at Bobby's in a few hours, each have jars of blood in hands. Bobby eyes them, both more bloody than before.

"Do I even want to know how did you get that human blood?" Bobby glances at Sam but looks away shortly.

"Probably not." Sam says, too easily.

Cas frowns. "Did you kill a man?"

Sam just hands him the jar. "Like I said, you probably don't want to know."

Cas looks at him for a few moment, then he looks away. He doesn't ask further.

The mixture of the blood has a color so dark that it's more black than red. Cas enchants the spell as the black grimoire instructs. The blood still looks like blood, dirty and stinking. The smell of corruption and abomination.

They look at him.

"Cas, you sure about this? Like, really sure? This thing looks like no fun." Bobby eyes him, all concerned.

"I'm doing this." Cas says, not really thinking about what the liquid smell like or what it would do to him, only the place with the bleachy sky and dying woods, a figure with torn shirt and flannel running in it, with only a blade in his hands, facing the whole world of monsters created from the beginning of the time, no way out, no rest, not even a damn soul to talk to. "I'm ready." He says, he can't be more ready.

"Alright then," Bobby pushes the jar towards him.

The dark surface of the mixed blood reflects his vessel's face -- the face he's wearing for so long that he already registers as his own. And soon, he may lose the form.

"You may not want to witness the next part." Castiel tells Bobby and Sam, grabs the syringe he prepared earlier, pumping the liquid into his own vein.

Bobby widens his eyes once more. "Thought drinking that thing is bad enough."

"Faster this way." Cas extracts a full drag of the blood and pumps them in, then next. Eyes locked on the needle, teeth grinded. Face doesn't look good.

Bobby hesitates at the threshold before heading out. "Call me if you need anything."

"I can stay." Sam offers.

Castiel just continues the motion until the jar is emptied.

And then he waits.

The boiling sensation starts from the arm, as the liquid touches his own blood, worse than the strongest acid and boiled metal pouring onto a human body. And it moves deeper into the system, like a flash, it reaches the heart and pumps into every part of the body.

Castiel drops the syringe and screams. His body collapses to the floor, eyes wide open but he can't see anything, the world shifts in front of him in darkened color.

The sensation is so intense that the Leviathans' attacks in Purgatory are like nothing but tickle. It's not just pain, it's the transformation, it's like his blood wants to melt down his bone and flash, turning his inside out, mashing his gut and brain to mud.

Castiel squirms violently on the floor, yelling in a mixed voice of high pitch and all kinds of human languages, switching from one dead tongue to another, like a computer frantically blooding out random messages under a virus attack.

His eyes and mouth lightens up, bright lights starts to flow but instead of leave the body, the lights blink, on and off, on and off, until it dims, like a broken light bulb trying its best to lighten up one last time before it blows. The light is captured back inside the body, the same way they can't escape a black hole. Not even any grace can escape the change.

Sam stands by him, watching. Bobby rushes in. But none of them can do anything or has any idea what is happening.

But that is only the beginning.

Castiel's body rises slowly in the air, his eyes half closed, as if half passing out, half dream walking. The lights in the room shakes, sounds of thunder rolling from above the ceiling. In the shadow of the blinking lights, there are the black wings, expanding from his shoulder blade, long and stretched, filling the whole room and beyond. The feathers on the wings shines black, the color of the night sky.

"Holy." Bobby gasps, taking a step back in awe. Sam stares.

And then the shape changes, the dark crimson color of blood crawls from his back, reaching the root of the wings, flowing upwards, distaining the feathers. Some fall to the floor, others shrink and twist like burned by fire. The bones holding the wings make cracking sound and bend back, folding inside, twisting into distorted shapes. The wings no longer look like wings, more like bewildering branches with charred leaves barely attaching in the winter.

The screaming and yelling of pain dies down slowly, the sound pitch grow lower, less like human voice, more like wounded monster moaning in pained growl.

As the wings fold and twist, they no longer hold the weight of the body. Castiel crashes back down, landing on all fours. Claws and scales grow from fingers and skins. A mixed shape of a hundred different wild animals but no name for what Castiel looks like now.

Bobby takes another step back, reaching for his gun. Sam reaching for the machete.

"Cas?" Bobby calls carefully, forcing the voice untrembling.

The monster in front of them gnarls, can't tell if it's answering or threatening. He looks up slowly, eyes glassy and foggy. With the slightest shade of blue.

"Cas," Sam takes a breath. "Nod if you are still in there and can hear us."

They watch intensely. And Castiel whines, then, nods once, slowly.

Bobby breathes out. "Good to know, thank God you're not dead in that whole --" he waves a hand to vaguely refer to whatever happened just now in place for a word he can never find. He clicks the safety bolt back on.

"Yet." Sam says.

"What?"

"Not dead, yet." Sam keeps his hunter's eyes on Cas, hands still on machete -- the same one he carried with into the vampire nest where Dean was killed. "Cas still needs to be dead to go to the Purgatory, remember?"

Bobby swallows, falling to silence. After a beat, "And you want to do the honor?"

"Unless you volunteer," Sam says, unbothered. "Don't see a third option here."

The worst thing is, he's right.

"This is absolutely the shittest plan I've ever seen, and that includes two apocalypses." Bobby sighs deeply, eyeing Cas apologetically, "I'm sorry." Then to Sam, "Just, don't do it in here, will ya?"

Sam nods once, gloomily.

<br>

Bobby does not follow them outside, and he thinks a bottle of whiskey is definitely not enough for tonight.

He doesn't need to see, the squeaky sound of footsteps and claws heading to the opening in the junkyard is loud and clear in the midnight silence.

He closes his eyes.

There is sound of metal cutting through flesh, and then something heavy falls to the ground.

A set of footstep on the ground that is more wet than before.

Bobby shakes his head hard. "Cas you stupid love-blind idjit."
