---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Red and Black（4）
date: 2025-02-27 01:54
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 Destiel Angst Bang
long_novels: 【Destiel】Red and Black
---

Dean lingers not far from the same opening that he saw Cas for the briefest moment. Sometimes by the stream, sometimes on the edge of the closest woods, most of the times, just in the plain middle of the opening, without cover. It is a bad idea, actually, the worst one possible, to not move swiftly in a place like this.

Purgatory is the monster hunting ground, and stay put means food.

But Dean stays around there anyway. If the monsters come, he kills them. If the door opens again, he goes home. The logic simplifies to the simplest, Dean distantly wonders if his brain would degenerate for lack of use, but soon pushes it aside.

Leviathans still emerge once in a while, dropping in here and again like a recurring termite problem in an old house, though not as many as when Cas was here. Their faces shift between human vessel and the teethy face, decapitation is still the best solution Dean can manage. Not like there is any research book or anything else in the Purgatory he can use anyway.

He would have lost the concept of time entirely if it's not for his watch still ticking and running. But he doesn't know if it's a good thing or bad thing. Watching the fingers tick one second, then another second, slowly crawling forward, Dean thinks going lunatic is just a matter of time if he can't figure something out soon.

And he can't figure anything out.

The air never stirs in a way like when a portal opens, there is not lightened up exit, no jail visitor or bail release.

Sometimes, Dean even considers not killing some monsters on his way, keeping one as a pet or something, to at least have something to look at and talk to, however ugly they are. He understands why Robinson Crusoe keeps Friday on that island now.

And then, in the day that he loses count of which day, he is attacked by a dozen vampires in the same time. Sarcastically, he knows them all. From that nasty nest that started all this and sent him here.

He fights and kills and struggles and swings, taking down as many as he can but a small part of his brain already knows how this will play out, that piece of mind floats above him, viewing the scene unfold like a Deja Vu or a rewatched movie.

"I killed you once, don't mind do that again." The big boss vamp grins at him, showing the ugly fangs, knocking him down. Dean loses grip on the blade, pinned to the ground, all too similar to the first time.

Where does the monsters go after they die in the Purgatory? It's not the first time he wonders this, but this time he might actually go check it out himself.

And then, that vamp loses its head. Its body freezes, its hold on his throat loosens, and it falls frigidly down, not moving an inch anymore. Not attached with a head.

Dean looks up.

A large monster has the bit-off vampire head in between its teeth, the cutting edge where the neck should connect to the body is dripping blood between the creature's teeth. It sees him, hesitating, as if can't decide whether to spit that bloody head out or swallow it. It ends up swallowing it down in a gulp. Lights brighten in its eyes as the head moves through its throat, moments later, lights dim again. It still stares at Dean, not even blinking.

Dean jumps to his feet, blade ready, pointing at this new thing.

It's a huge creature, leaving long and stretched shadow on the ground as it moves, larger than most of the creatures around here, larger than most of the Leviathans even. Dean has never seen anything like this before, dead or alive, with furs and scales and fangs all at once, a hybrid of so many different things. Large, but broken. Confusing, but powerful. Troubling, but not ugly, not exactly.

He steps back slowly as the monster moves towards him, equally prudently. It must be stronger than him, way stronger. Judging by how it bites off that vampire's head, it can probably kill Dean in a blink without shredding a sweat. Then why is it just looking at him, doing nothing? Its fangs point out behind the closed mouth, still glinting with fresh blood. On its back, black twisted parts stood out, looking more like broken horns than wings.

Dean frowns at this thing, hunter's instinct kicking in, pulling and dragging him in two different directions. The blade is still dripping blood from the vamps he killed minutes ago, the instinct of continuing the action he's growing increasingly familiar with washes over his blood. It might be strong, but Dean is fast. If he's lucky, he might get a chance to its weak spot if it has any -- with such a twisted clumsy body and weird biological structure, he bets it couldn't move as fast as he does.

But then, there is something else in it that makes him pause. Looking. Observing. Asking question first and shooting second. Something about this monster, maybe it's the black wing-like structure on its back, maybe it's the slightly tan-colored body and the white blue front, or just the way it approaches him, the way it bites off the head of the vamp that almost killed him again, somehow he thinks it's not going to hurt him. It can be trusted. He thinks he must already lost his minds to think that for a whole new level of freak.

Dean circles it, checking out its side, its back, its shape. It stops the move, standing still, letting him check, allowing him move behind it where it can't see, purring and moaning in a low grave sound. Not menacing, more like sad. More trusting than anything else he met in here or out there.

Dean notices it's wounded, badly. Not fatal, probably, but surely hurt like hell. There are teeth shaped wounds on its legs bleeding black and a round bullet shaped hole on its shoulder bleeding crimson red. When it moves, the left paw steps shallower than the rest, he'd guess there are cuts there too.

The vampire part of him is still functioning. The metallic smell of blood too strong there is no way of ignoring. He sniffs. And the most confusing part is, the blood doesn't smell right. Human blood smells fragrant, vampire blood dull and dead, demon blood sour, Leviathans bitter. But this thing, it's like a drug store, with all kinds of bad smell mixed together flowing inside its vein, covering what was originally there.

"What are you?" Dean can't help asking.

The monster answers him in a low set of monstrous mumbling, presumably telling him things about itself but he hasn't the faintest idea of monster language.

"Alright, chill, pal." Dean tells it, walking two more steps closer to it, cautiously.

It's about within its attack range now, if it desires. Dean maintains the eye contact, waiting for a killer blow, thinking if the blade should target to its paw or head first if that happens.

But nothing happens. It holds the stare, looking back, looking straight. It barely blinks.

The feeling is strangely familiar.

Dean thinks he even sees the familiar shades of blue. He must be hallucinating now.

"Okay, this is just getting weird." Dean chuckles, lowering the blade, shaking his head. "You just remind me of my best friend."

It purrs louder, voice tight and urgent.

Dean raises his brows. Then he tells it, "No, uh-uh, no way, I'm not gonna name you 'Cas' just because you want me to. What do you think my angel buddy would feel if he knows?"

He still ends up naming the creature "Cas."

*Cas might just find it hilarious, it would be good to see him smile.* Dean reasons to himself, patting the creature gently on the back where the scales cover. It feels cold and sticky.

He takes the hand back.
