---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Red and Black（Chap.2）Black（1）
date: 2025-02-25 23:52
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 Destiel Angst Bang
long_novels: 【Destiel】Red and Black
---

(**Warning words** before the chapter: Body horror and minor grotesque content)

<br>

Castiel tumbles onto the cement ground, his body crashing onto the concrete of the real world. His mind takes a second to register.

He looks behind him frantically. But there is just air, walls, the stillness of a small town's back-alley. Earth.

No dying tree, no monster, no Dean.

"No, no, no, no, no!" Castiel gets to his feet, fists punching the brightly painted wall, as if it can tear apart the bricks to reveal the opening again. As if Dean is waiting right on the other side of the wall.

"You have to take me back again, Ajay!" he calls out behind him.

"I don't think Ajay can take you anywhere now." The voice makes his blood cold. Castiel looks back, realizing belatedly the whole place's air is buzzing with an archangel's power. The street lamps overhead flicker once and blow up.

"Raphael." Castiel turns around slowly, his back pressed against the wall. Cornered.

Raphael is in a female vessel this time, the woman's body a few inches shorter than him. But the true form behind that vessel's face is still gigantic and blindingly bright.

Castiel reaches inward, testing his grace. The fuel in the tank is so low that he can barely feel it, the energy flowing sluggishly like he's trying to fetch out the last drop of water in a bottle. Zero chance this time then.

Raphael steps towards him, looking up at his face. The vial with his essence that he gave Ajay not long ago is in her grip, his grace swirling gently inside the glass, soft and bright. The rogue reaper's body is limp by his cab on the ground, eyes burned out. Two other angels stand by the body.

"You killed him." Castiel shifts his eyes from the body back to the archangel, thinking hard, buying time.

"Thanks to you." Raphael shakes the vial slowly, the grace inside spinning faster like a tiny whirlpool. "This is beyond stupid even for you, Castiel. I'm disappointed, to be honest. I wasn't expecting you to be so... reckless. But in the end, daring to fight against me already tells as much."

His vessel's heart pounds hard and fast inside his chest. Is he human enough now for the sigil to work as he wants? Cas wonders, feeling the throbbing pain in the tears on his legs and over the whole body, wetness dripping from the wound. He takes the bet. The angel blade slides into his palm behind his back.

"What are you going to do to me?" he looks at the archangel, questioning, not letting his eyes blink, not showing any fear that the other might be looking for.

"Kill you, of course." Raphael is only two steps away now. "I don't see God or Balthazar or any of your monkey pets helping you this time. I'll kill your beloved Winchesters, too, rest assured."

Cas swallows reflexively, at the bare mention of the word "Winchester". His thought drifts away to the look Dean threw at him right before he pushed him out, letting himself be pulled away by the monsters, facing all the Leviathans by himself. Oh God. Cas winces.

Raphael must notice that. The female face shows a slight hint of joy. "Feeling the fear now, finally? A little too late for that." The archangel raises her blade. "Goodbye, Castiel."

Cas ducks aside, showing the angel banishing sigil he was drawing on the wall with his own blood while talking. Pressing his palm to the center of the sigil, it brightens up, blasting Raphael and the other two followers away. The blast gives Cas a small heated burn on the side of his body that is closest to the wall, but that is all it does.

The small alley returns to darkness and silence like there were never any angels there. Castiel leans back against the bloody wall, slumping slightly, rubbing his own eyes, ignoring the dripping blood from the sliced palm.

Dean is still in Purgatory, he is exhausted and low in grace, and the only being that can smuggle him into Purgatory is dead. He needs a plan, but he can't think of one.

Castiel opens his eyes, looking up at the sky that is darkening slowly as the night falls, desperate. Almost like how a human would pray. Dean would know what to do if he were here, he always could think of something. A next step, a joke to cheer up the team, an idea, something.

What would Dean do?

Cas gets an idea.
