---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Red and Black（Chap.3）Shadow（2）
date: 2025-02-28 23:59
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 Destiel Angst Bang
long_novels: 【Destiel】Red and Black
---

The world is a pool of shapes and colors, floating and swimming, emerging and diverging. Some shapes and colors move closer, some farther. Some red and their approach burns, some black and tearing and cold, the others vague and grey, passing by without extra sensation.

There is no thought, no words. Light or dark, colored or bleak. That's all there is.

It takes a while to realize the small blinking lights are edible, and those feel good -- making the colors look brighter and shapes sharper. Almost like the view is getting clearer, but still the same forms.

It takes a longer while to realize those lights are souls, and absorbing them can bring strength back, making wounds heal -- even just slightly.

Castiel wanders in the land, fumbling, searching. Not knowing where he is, not knowing where he's heading. Not knowing what he himself is, most of the time. Just wandering, drifting. Afloat like a duckweed.

He opens his mouth, growls echoing as vocal cords vibrate. He sinks teeth in, blood seeping out from the things in his bite, bodies twitching, then not moving. The light that rested inside of them shifts and moves along with the blood, moving into him. He swallows them, then moves away.

The creatures and monsters crowd around this place like rabbits in summer prairie. Led by instincts, he hunts and eats and moves, chasing one sparkling light to another, knowing all of them are nothing more than food and sources of strength.

And then he sees it. In the center of the opening, the brightest light shades everything else, dulling all the other creatures. The light of the soul that is like a beacon on the sea, the North Star in a starry sky, the crackling burning fire in the polar night, the Sun in the dark Space. So bright that its illumination and heat almost scorch him from this distance.

But he steps toward it. He can't stop staring at it, and he can't stop himself from moving toward it. The bright, the light, the heat, the beacon. The center of the universe is there. The brightest soul that he's ever seen.

Even without a clear view, even without a clear mind with any of the memory and knowledge he doesn't know he has, he would know this is what he's looking for -- even if he doesn't remember what it is, or what he himself is.

He approaches it, the attraction uncontrollable, but also unavoidably intimidating. The intensity and the heat, the light itself, the soul that is so strong, it appeals to him and terrifies him in the same way wild animals are drawn to and frightened by a camper's bonfire.

Castiel circles the light, hiding in the woods, letting the shadows cover his trace. Tempted, but intimidated. Staying just close enough to see it, but not close enough to be seen.

Time passes by relentlessly, he hunts and eats and devours and waits. The power from the souls of small creatures and monsters accumulates, the vision gets clearer. So does the mind.

Name is the first thing coming back, language the second.

"Dean." He can see through the shape now, the light of his soul still blinding. The man's name emerges in his beast's mind. Castiel almost makes a long gnarl, but he restrains himself -- Dean might hear him, and then he wouldn't know what to do.

Looking down, he sees his claws on the dusty ground, stained with dirt and blood. In the reflection of the stream, he sees his own face and he pulls back immediately, not wanting to see the hideous figure ever again.

He makes sure Dean doesn't either.

The woods provide enough cover, even for his size. He wanders far enough to hunt and grow strength, but not too far to lose Dean's bright lighted soul out of view -- not that it's possible. In the end, how can one lose sight of the Sun in the sky?

But then, come the attackers. The vampires are edging closer and crowding around Dean. There are too many of them. The bright light of the soul starts getting overshadowed, the threat of fangs and paws pressing on the body's neck. The danger is too strong to fend off, and worst of all, the light itself is willingly going out.

Castiel can't have it. For all his existence, this is the thing he cannot allow to happen, whatever the cost.

So there is the exposure, and there is the attacking and biting and eating just out of instinct.

The metallic bloody smell assails his nostrils. The vampire's head is between his teeth, then down his throat. It is only then does Castiel realizes this is the time when Dean would raise the blade and bury it in his body.

He freezes, eyes wide.

His vision clears, the face in front of him sharpens. Dean. It's really Dean. As human as he can be, the face, the body, every inch of his existence so achingly familiar. And his blade high and ready.

"Dean," he calls his name, desperate. The only sound rolling out of his throat is the monster's roar.

Castiel thinks this is the end of it. The end of him, anyway. With all his efforts, at least the very last thing -- the very last person -- in his view is Dean. He shouldn't complain too much. He probably deserves it anyway.

He looks into the man's eyes, really looks. Like the mermaid stripped of voice, the eyes and looks are all he has. He sees the familiar amber green in the man's eyes, the exhaustion, the anger, the confusion. And something else.

Castiel pleads silently: "Please see me, Dean."

The blade is lowered.

Dean is always so full of surprise.
