---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Heaven Sent, Hell Bent（3）
date: 2025-11-04 20:14
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文", "黑化"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 SPN Angels & Demons Bang
long_novels: 【Destiel】Heaven Sent, Hell Bent
---

Cas doesn't seem to know or remember anything about any operations or even how to use a knife, but he's willing to learn. Dean teaches him from the basics: how to hold the blade, how to stand, how to get ready. His eyes follow Dean's every move with intensity, and copies his moves.

Both of them forget about the noise outside the door in the corridor.

There's something in his eyes that still disturbs Dean -- he can't quite put a finger on what, maybe it's the color of his eyes, maybe it's the way he looks at him, maybe it's just because he's dorky little weird guy. Dean finds it uncomfortable to run directly into Cas's eyes, as if something in his eyes can crawl out and reach deep into him, but he also can't stop himself from staring at him from time to time. It makes him a little restless. He just wants to figure him out a little more. They just need a little bit more time.

Dean stands behind Cas, wraps his hand over his, holding the scalpel together.

Cas's body is tense, his move stiff, but Dean guides him.

They stand so close that Dean can feel Cas's body warmth radiating from his back against his chest. He leans in, his breath huffing into Cas's neck. He's satisfied to see Cas doesn't try to dodge away.

Dean uses his gloved left hand to point at a small corner of the brain tissue that appears more greyish than the rest.

"See that? If you cut right through it, you'll get a huge scream, the best kind." Dean leads his hand forward, cutting that structure open. The body on the operation table twitches and shivers like going through a spasm, the scream is satisfyingly loud and shrieking.

Dean grins, lets go of Cas's hand. "Now, you try it yourself."

Cas glances at the face of the body, frowning slightly. He swallows, glances at Dean with uncertainty, then looks back at the opened skull. Dean thought he might raise some silly questions, or maybe even protests, saying something like "This isn't right." But Cas merely nods obediently, and cuts through the brain as he's told.

The blade doesn't land in the right spot, and the body doesn't twitch as violently as before, only with a quiet moaning of pain. But it's a good start.

But Dean pats his shoulder. "You're doing great. Just need some practice." Like he used to be told by his master. Cas nods small, seems pleased to hear his approval.

So they continues to practice some more.

When that patient finally, completely stops moving or breathing, which is also when there isn't any more brain to be cut, the door is burst open. Four nurses rush in, each holding a long, sharp, black blade, pointing at Cas.

"He's here!" One of them calls out. "I knew him run in here! Dean's room!"

Dean can hear more footsteps coming this way, following his yelling.

Meanwhile, Cas shivers, saying in a higher pitch than usual, "Their faces! What's happening to their faces!"

Dean studies their faces but can't see anything wrong. He holds his scalpel closer, eyeing the blade in their hands. These look more like weapons than surgery tools to him. He takes a step forward, standing before the nurses and Cas, before fully thinking about what he's doing.

"What's happening to us?" another nurse sneers, glancing between Dean and Cas, edging closer to Dean. "What happened to you? What happened to *him*?"

Dean shoots a glance back at Cas, seeing him also raising a blade like Dean taught him, eyes locking on the nurses. He almost forgets about the surgery he operated on him.

"I took him in as my patient." Dean turns back to the nurses, announcing. "And now he's fully functional, and I'm taking him as my apprentice."

"You what?" Alastair walks behind them, folding his hands behind his back like he's just examining.

Dean is more than happy to see him and show off his achievement. "Master, I finally made it! The lobotomy! Look at him, he doesn't remember, but he can still function and feel pain. Isn't that what we always try to do?"

Alastair bursts out a huge wave of laughter. "You lobotomized *him*?"

Dean blinks, unsure if he's being mocked or affirmed. He answers, feeling a little dumb. "Yes, Master. I thought it's the right thing to do. And now I want to study him more, so I took him as my student, teaching him what I learned from you."

He glances at Cas again, seeing him tilt his heads, shifting his eyes between his master and him. Dean doesn't have time to wonder what might be going through Cas's head.

It takes a long while for Alastair to stop the laugh. He's almost a little out of breath. When he finally calms down, he lands a hand on Dean's shoulder. "This is probably the best thing you've ever done, and you don't even have any idea what that means."

"What does that mean?" Dean asks immediately.

Alastair simply shakes his head. "Don't worry about it." He gives the nurses a wave of hand, gesturing to Cas. "Take him away."

Dean gets away from Alastair's grip on the shoulder, taking a step closer to Cas, standing right between him and the nurses. "No," he tells them. "You're not taking him away."

Alastair narrows his eyes, displeased. Dean feels uneasy and almost ashamed just being stared by his disapproving eyes.

"What do you mean, 'No'?" Alastair asks slowly, stretching his voice long and twisted, winding the air like a palpable snake.

Dean glances behind his shoulder again, running into Cas's helpless eyes. He swallows. "He's *my* apprentice. You're not taking him away."

"Are you disobeying me, boy?" Alastair takes a step toward him, raising a hand in a choking gesture. Dean feels his throat tightened.

He lowers his eyes, like he's so used to, like his body knows exactly what to do or how to react to minimize the following pain. "No, Sir," he answers quietly.

"Good," Alastair regards him, waving at the nurses once again. "Kill the petty little flying thing there."

The nurses start surround them.

"Dean --" Cas calls him, low and urgent. Panicked.

Dean's eyes shift between Alastair and Cas. Then the nurses and the blades in their hands. Then back to Cas.

Cas takes a step closer to Dean, almost right by his side. His hand that holds the scalpel is shaking. His other hand touches the cutting line on his forehead that Dean cut through and sewed up for him. He closes his eyes for a brief moment, as if enduring something happening in his head that he doesn't want to handle.

Dean swallows violently. It doesn't make sense. Dean thinks frantically. He shouldn't *want* to save him. But truth is, he does. He really does. He knows Cas is different and special from the first sight. He *wants* to keep him close, keep him alive. But it just doesn't make sense.

He clenches his hands into fists, holding his feet still. He shouldn't fight against Alastair, he knows he shouldn't.

A flashback of screams and bloody red scenes flashes before his eyes. He remembers that's his own screams, his own crying. What was he screaming about? When was that?

"So Dean? What's it gonna be? This little thing you met for less than an hour and knew nothing about, or us? The familiar people who you know and familiar with for eternity? Practically your family?" Alastair watches his face with great interest.

The circle around them shrinks smaller, from all four directions.

Dean's fists loosen once, and clench again.

Cas takes another step, his back pressing onto Dean's. No more room for him to hide.

Dean sees the frantic but also still a tad blank look in his eyes.

*I'm Castiel. I'm an Angel of the Lord.* He was so much more fierce and determined when he first barged in, until Dean made him different.

*I don't want to hurt you. I'm here to save you.* He raised his blade, but instead of stabbing toward Dean, he merely used it for defense. He could have escaped, or at least protect himself, but for Dean, this is what he's become.

*We have order to bring you out of Hell, but you have to be willing to leave with us -- with me. Please, come with me.* That's about when Dean tied him up and cut him open, making him forget even his own name. But not Dean's name.

What if he was telling the truth?

What if this *is* Hell?

Which makes them demons.

Dean narrows his eyes at the nurses, squinting at their white nurse coat-covered bodies and faces. Dark shape shakes underneath the skin, showing a different face, a darker shadow like flowing smoke contained inside a vessel.

He turns to Cas, and finds nothing but light. Light swirls inside his body, swimming like it has a life of its own. Light that is so much more smooth and larger than the skin, that it spreads out behind Cas's back, but folded like wings not in use. He remembers the light bleeding out from the wound when he cut Cas's skull open. He remembers it burned his finger when he touched it -- because it's too hot, because it's too holy for him, because it's from the sky and celestial, because that's what true and real Cas is like -- now he understands.

*Cas really is an Angel of the Lord.* Dean gasps with realization.

Alastair grins. "I see your stubborn mind is coming through."

Dean smiles back at him, pleased to know Alastair must have taken his gasp in a whole different way, a wrong way.

Alastair snaps his fingers, catching the attention of other nurses -- other demons. "Lads, what you doing? We don't have all day here. Finish him off. He doesn't remember anything anyway -- credit to our little hero Doctor Dean. How difficult can it be now?"

The demons launch the attack, and at the very same time, Dean raises his blade, standing back to back with Cas.

Dean's blade crashes into that of one of the demons', and he twists it in his hand, making the demon drop his knife. He kicks it in the chest, and the demon flies across the room and crashes into the wall.

"Dean?" Cas raises his voice, surprised. But he's too busy handling the other demon right in front of him to turn to glance at Dean.

"You might say I just figured out something," Dean yells back, as he stabs the blade into the chest of the second demon, and flies its loose weapon toward the third one, pinning it into its forehead. "I might have some apologies to say, but later."

He swirls to the back of the fourth one, holding its arms still with his bare hands, letting Cas strikes the killing blow. Golden light burns inside the demon before its body drops slump. The air smells of sulfur and burned ash, now that he pays attention.

Dean drops its body onto the floor, wiping his dirtied hands on his doctor's coat, cleaning the blood and black ashes.

"What a sweet little surprise," Alastair watches them, tutting loudly. "Guess it's just about time for some reminder. I'll book your next appointment, Dean. Remember all the fun we had last time? With all the poking and probing? It's time for you to be my patient again."

He holds out a hand, choking Dean on the throat, pushing him to the wall.

Dean struggles but drops his blade. He feels his feet leave the floor, and his breathing is quickly tightened. Blackness crawls from the edge of his eyesight, he sees Cas move behind Alastair, that's when air pumps into his lungs again.

Alastair stumbles back a step, reaching an arm behind his back. Cas lets go of the handle, and Dean sees it's the big surgical scissors that he stabbed onto Alastair's back.

"Nice team work!" Dean can't help grinning at him.

Cas grins back.

Alastair lets out a yell, and the scissors retract from his back automatically. The look on his face turns murderous.

"Alright, time to go!" Dean jumps to his feet, dragging Cas's sleeves, rushing toward the door.

The hospital corridor morphs away the moment he steps out. Instead, they are greeted by a dark wild field, flooded with sound of screaming and yelling of pain. Thick black smoke flies above their heads, mixed with thin threads of white light; skeletons and skulls scatter on the ground everywhere, layers after layers, their hollow eye sockets aiming upward. The air smells blood and sulfur, so thick that it feels like a crust on their skin.

The only thing Dean has in mind is:

*Welcome to Hell.*
