---
layout: post
title: 【心理】Wave
date: 2021-03-08 23:19
categories: ["原创"]
characters: 
tags: ["心理", "痛苦", "死亡", "想象", "英文"]
pov: 第二人称
origin: Lofter
---

How's it like? All those pain, the loneliness, desperation, insecurity, confusion, and terror. What do they feel like?

<br>

They are like... waves. Strong and powerful waves, rolling towards you. You just stand there, with nowhere to hide.

The wave would overwhelm you, choke you, suffocate you. At first you may want to fight back. You are struggling in the water, without any idea of how deep you already are, how deeper you can sink, or how long you need to endure.

You are just there, alone, beneath the water, choking, losing energy, dying with every single minute passing by.

When you are just so close to give it all up, the wave leaves. It has its own rhythm to come and go, as if they are alive too.

You are again standing on the beach. The sun shines all over you. The sea gulls fly above you. You are totally soaked, in a terrible shape, but you are still alive.

So you pick up hope again, feel strong again, feel you have energy to fight back or escape again, as if find a second chance in life.

At that very moment when you once again pick up the hope and energy, the waves come back. It would flush you deeper, more deadly than ever, more desperate, more overwhelming. There seems to be absolutely no possibility to run away.

So all those small hopes would be so easily lost. Again. 

And again. 

And again.

Over and over and over and over...

That's how the pain feels like. To me.

Just like Hell.

Never know at which point, I may just let it be. Surrender, and sink to the bottom of the sea. I may just, can't bear it any longer. I'm never really the brave type.

<br>

——————

Comment:

You know what?

You are the bravest creature I've ever seen.

Because you still hang on there.