---
layout: post
title: 【心理】Scared
date: 2024-10-24 01:42
categories: ["原创"]
characters: 
tags: ["心理", "回忆", "英文", "害怕", "恐慌", "工作"]
pov: 第一人称
origin: 个站
---

I'm scared. Again.

Only after two freaking months, I'm back to that anxious and terrified state. Just like before. Just like that hell of time that I don't want to remember.

Just like every other time that I was scared.

That sense of insecurity, that feeling that makes my whole body stiffs, my muscle stresses like a fucking rubber band, and my neck-shoulder-connection creates knobs harder than rocks. It's back.

Nowhere is safe. No time is safe. No one is safe.

I go back to that little terrified girl again, powerless, weeping and mopping and shuddering in the darkness, wondering about what the worst can be.

I hate that. And I'm experiencing that over and over again.

Heart bumping fast. Not even the swimming or spa can relax.

The out-of-window view is still green and blue, lakery and resortrous, the by-the-road flowers are still growing wild and poking at everywhere. But those views, are so easily forgotten and so overpriced.

When the insecurity and terror kick in, they are the first ones getting wiped away from the memory.

Who says there is less come-and-go in a bigger company? Freaking lie. They come, they go, some go willingly, some don't even have a reason. It happens when it happens, the earth keeps rotating, and someone's life is just fucked, and everyone else starts to panic. I'm like the monkey in the crowd when the chicken gets executed.

Shuddered. Scared.

Intense.

Stressed out.

Everything I'm running away from, they just keep chasing back and catching up. Never leave me alone.

Guess that saying is right, if you don't change, it doesn't matter where you go. Those problems you got, they'll follow you anywhere.

But those problems, the stiffness and knots and rubber bands, they're all so stubborn like Dean Winchester, like chewing gums sticked to the shoes, they're not going anywhere, they'll never leave me alone. Claimed home in the freaking mental bunker and located inside some of the bedrooms in the brain as their own. And there they are, settled in all comfy and homy, like they're the controller of everything happening inside the mind.

(On a side note, it's probably time to watch *Inside Out 2* now.)

<br>

I might not remember every time I was super duper upset, but I for sure remember all those times when the future seems so faraway and hopeless and the present seems so dark and breathless. Like infinitely swimming and diving, and after long enough time in the water, you'll realize that the nasal cavity isn't the only organ that longs for the air in the whole body. The chest too.

Somehow - for reasons still unknown to this very day and never stops pondering when in the water - the skin is requiring fresh air too. When the water deprives the contact to the air from the skin covering the rib and chest, it doesn't matter you can still breath through your nose and/or mouth, you're still breathless. So easily choked by the water at this time. And so easily drown.

Drown in the despair and darkness and out of breath, dragged to the bottom of water. There I was at the age of ten, and here I am near thirties. And nothing changes.

Is it too afraid to lose what you already have, or too afraid that you will never get what you want? That I might never know.

The monkey mind decides to take over now, so the only solution the other hopefully-dominant-reasonable-adult-human mind can find, is to dose it off, hoping the drowsiness can keep the fear at bay. But obviously, it's still scattered everywhere, and now with an extra layer of delirium. Still, the drowsiness-induced delirium is hilarious, you never know what you'd end up finding, it's almost like the closest you can get to being high without actually high. Or actually, if the brain is producing enough chemical to keep it running, isn't that just a kind of natural high?

Anyway, the delirium is probably the third wheel here now. Neither the anxiety nor the reasoning, it's just chaos, but if directed in the right, it might can even produce something meaningful and sometimes entertaining. But most times, it's still just raw and chaos and rumbling, just like what is put down here, I'm pretty confident they wouldn't make much sense tomorrow morning. But who the fuck cares.

I remember... the whole spank bank that always get triggered after a spa session that I'm not going to log anything at all anywhere outside my brain. I might change mind in a few years, but right now, absolutely big huge freaking gigantic no.

I remember the Christmas presents. Most definitely not the only ones, but probably the first ones. Still at the age of believing Santa Claus, I found the fluffy Micky-Minnie pillow thingy, guess it's a doll, but never learns its proper name. For some reason that small cute puffy doll stays in the mind for forever. Another year there might be a big blue dolphin, also puffy and comfy, but the memory is getting wanky and dreamy, can't really tell if it's an actual memory or some self-created memory-like imagination or even dream. I can never really tell their differences, and with more dreaming accumulating, it's just getting worse. But this one, the shape and sensation and color and everything, I can remember as clearly as the grass green color of my old study chair. Anyway, I still find it interesting - and in some soft moments when I allow myself simmered in emotion, heart-warming - that the very early memory of Christmas is actually some good memory, however small it may seem. I'll never get a better Christmas gift than that. I might wish to buy an exactly same one here if I can find - Christmas is coming around the corner anyway.

Or not, probably don't spoil the existing memory. One time is good, multiple just blurs the memory. Just like that one time swimming in Disney, or is it Universal, either. That warm late-afternoon early-evening sun-setting time. The music, the water splash, the pool-side old movie, oh my, it might not be the best pool in the life, but for sure one of the best relaxing memories of any time for a long while.

Now I see what the mind is trying to do, the doll, the swimming pool, the breeze, the tiny little good things here and there scattered in the memory. So easy to forget, so precious to never let go. And the exact thing I need to grasp on at this time. The almost-asleep brain is still trying to make an effort to bring -- itself -- to be at peace. Well, hope it works.

I'm sure I'll remember a third or more to write down some time later.

I'm still scared, like that little kid, but now I have two candies at hand. All will get better, right? Kinda like Halloween. Maybe it's just some ghosts messing around the mind. But still, it does preventing making longer term plans. I might think about getting a real bed this morning, but by afternoon, that thought was gone again. Animals that don't feel safe wouldn't build their nest to make it their home and produce offspring. Nor do humans. Until the fear dies down, there will be no new furniture, no real settle down, no relationship, no car, no bed, no chair, no table, no drawer. Just me and myself, trapped inside my brain, trying to get something out but get held back by the story ideas. When the ideas stop converting to stories, I should have already noticed there is something wrong hidden at the back of the head.

The good thing is, finally no need to hide behind the layers of walls. The perk of making people remember you're crazy: you can always be as crazy about anything as you can ever be. Guess I never lived that aspect of myself before too, but probably only when there is a solid enough friendship, there won't be any good value to add to it.

Still, thanks for everything, my dear diary and my phantom partner that I'm talking to the whole time when I'm on the beach of the outside rim of the mind palace and sticking my feet under the sand. The girl is probably Carol or Lyra, I can't remember their faces again. Still, they are there when I need them to be.

Hope I'll be in a better state tomorrow night. Pray, Castiel, help me, let me survive tomorrow's meeting, and let me make the sense of everything that's happening. And if you're actually working on anything, hope you can hear me too, the other angel (the white one).

Hope I can be happy, again - if I have ever been, or without again - if not.

Hope I can be free - same terms.

See you tomorrow - hopefully not, if not it usually would mean you're in a better not-so-disastrous time.

Hope not to see you too soon, kid, but if you do, you're always welcomed here.

-- From yours truly, you know, the ones you want to call and want to love, the ones you phantom chat with all the time on the interface you never finished, the ones you always turn to when you're lonely or yearning or terrified or maybe even happy. Hopefully the last one takes a bit more.

Be, with life.

Observe.

Live it.

Just, don't think too much for Christ's sake, just live the life. How bad can it be.
