---
layout: post
title: 【OC】About birds
date: 2025-02-08 16:58
categories: ["原创"]
characters: ["Carol Elevens", "Tristan the Raven"]
tags: ["OC", "想象", "思维宫殿", "英文", "飞"]
pov: 第一人称视角
origin: 个站
---

Carol stretches her arms, movements big and exaggerated, shifting all the muscles on her shoulders.

"Think I'm gonna grow a pair of wings," she says, feeling the change of shape on her back around her shoulder blades. It's sore and tight there.

"No, you're not," Tristan says, looking up from his book. "I'd know if you did."

"How would you know?" Carol looks at her, eyes cunning, sparkling with slyness.

Tristan laughs. "Hello? You know me the first day? Nice to meet you, I'm Tristan, I'm a raven."

Carol laughs too. "But being a raven doesn't make you an expert on all birds."

Tristan raises his brows. "Excuse me? I'm the only one with wings here, so no offense, but of course I'm an expert."

"But that only makes you an expert on *ravens*, not *all* birds," Carol argues. "Say, what if I'm going to grow a pair of wings and become an eagle?"

"You want to become an eagle?" I ask her. Amazed, but not exactly surprised.

"Sure, why not?" She smiles at me.

"Not... I don't know, a seagull?" That's the second thing that pops into my mind. Eagle is the first, and it feels natural too.

"What, so I can eat French fries from your hand?" She laughs.

I imagine the picture, laughing with her. "No, but you love the sea. We all do."

"I can always fly near the sea as an eagle," she says, "I read it somewhere, there is this sea eagle or something, always build their nests on seaside cliffs."

"It suits you." I admit.

"Or a falcon," she considers. "So much freedom and so much sky."

"Always something big, huh?" Tristan chimes in.

"I'm not gonna eat you, rest assured," she laughs, "Promise."

"I'm not worries." Tristan closes his book, "Benefit of being small -- I can actually fly faster than you."

"No, you can't." Carol straightens her face, offended.

"Pretty sure I can." Tristan doesn't let go.

I cough. They look at me, forgetting about the fight already.

"What 'bout you?" Carol asks me. "Something big and free? Fly alongside me?"

I try to imagine the picture, thinking how a pair of eagle wings would look like on me, on my back, hesitating

"What about an owl?" Tristan suggests.

I frown, protesting. "Why do you guys get to be the cool ones -- all fearsome or magical -- but I'm the creepy one that sounds funny and looks funny?"

"But you'd get the biggest, cutest eyes!" Carol supplies, grinning. Now they're just teasing.

"And owls are magical too!" Tristan says, helping -- which he's totally not.

I give him a straight look. "No, that only happens in *Harry Potter*."

"What about a peacock?" He surrenders, only to take a second shot. "They can fly too. And beautiful."

I groan. "They have 'cock' in the name!"

Carol laughs so hard she rolls around on the grass, getting all the clipping pieces stuck to her clothes.

I tell them, seriously, "I'd like to be an albatross."

"Look at you," Carol says, still lying flat on the grass. "*Big* is not enough -- you had to go with the *biggest*, didn't you?"

"Two meters of wingspan, think about that -- how cool would that be?" I reason.

"You don't have to be birds to have wings, you know." Tristan offers, opening a new train of thought.

"What 'bout bats!" Carol picks up what he must have been thinking immediately, getting too excited.

"Being a flying rat? No, thank you." I can't hold back my smile, none of us can.

"Come on, not *that* bad," Tristan says. "More like a flying black cat."

"That does make it sound better. More mysterious, more magical," Carol pretends to consider seriously.

I groan again. "They smell!"

The memory of walking inside a bat cave is still vivid enough. Especially the smell part.

"Alright," Tristan says, changing the direction again, "what about a pterosaur? Big, fearsome, not smell -- hopefully. But no one knows for sure, so we'll just pretend it doesn't. You won't, if you're one."

That's actually not that bad of an idea.

"And you'd get to be the oldest among all of us," Carol adds. "Like, fossil-age old. Ancient *ancient* pre-history old." She counts on her fingers, pretending to do the math. "Like, next year can be your two-hundred-million-year-old birthday or something?"

Yeah, not helping.

We laugh so hard that all of us are almost breathless.

"They don't even have fur or feathers on the wings!" I give my reason for turning it down.

"Fair enough," Tristan says, eyes sparkling again with new ideas, slapping his book on the ground in his eureka moment, "Archaeopteryx! There's your solution, ancient old, big, fearsome, still somewhat like a dinosaur if you're into that, and definitely has fur and feathers."

"Why would I want to be ancient old again?" I wince.

"Well, congratulations on your one-hundred-and-fifty-million-year-old birthday then," Carol would never miss any chance of a joke. "You just got yourself fifty million years younger!"

There is another round of choking and coughing from laughter again.

"There are dinosaurs with feathers too, you know," Carol says, once we calm down a bit from that explosion of laughter.

"No, they're not dinosaurs," I counter. "That's called chickens."

"You do know that's a conspiracy theory, right?" Tristan follows. "So they can sell eggs at the price of dinosaur eggs?"

I don't think any of us are able to catch our breath from laughing for at least another five minutes.

"Yeah, no, thanks, but, no," I finally get my voice back from the laughter and decide. "I'll just settle with albatross then.

They both nod.

"Nice one." Carol pats me on the shoulder, fingers tracing down my back, following the line of my shoulder blade, as if checking whether there are actually wings growing out from the bones beneath the skin.

"Anything fluffy there?" I glance over my shoulder, asking.

"Sadly, not yet," she says, her fingers still wandering around my skin across my back now, leaving ghost of warmth. I like how her touch feels.

"Don't give up hope," Tristan says, picking up his book again. "Might happen someday. Some birds don't know they can fly until a certain age --"

I'm pretty sure he just made that up.

"-- so we don't know. Maybe you'll just grow wings after some age too."

"Like when a human lives to two hundred years old -- that's when it happens," Carol supplies.

I nod. Pretty sure that's the case.
