---
layout: post
title: 【OC】Talk To Me By the Sea
date: 2025-07-09 19:05
categories: ["原创"]
characters: ["Carol Elevens", "Tristan the Raven", "Joanna Beth"]
tags: ["OC", "想象", "思维宫殿", "英文", "海水", "写作"]
pov: 第一人称视角
origin: 个站
---

"Look who finally decided to join us," I heard Carol's voice the moment I stepped onto the grassland.

"The man himself," Tristan mocked, then corrected himself, "sorry, the God herself."

I raised an eyebrow.

"How long it's been?" Carol turned to me lazily from the position she lay on the grass, too comfortable, like a cat under the sun. "It's almost like you only think of us, think of this place, when you lie down on the massage table." She smirked, one tip of her lips higher than the other.

They seemed genuinely grumpy today.

I fluttered, not expecting that. "That's not true," I tried to defend myself, tried to think of an exception, but then felt even worse not able to think of one. I tripped over my own words.

Carol laughed, rising up from the land, coming to me. The smile warm and mischievous, the kind it'd been so easy to spot if I haven't been worried and all guilty.

"Gotcha," she laughed, dragging me into an embrace, practically hauling me closer to the sea. Not a single slightest sign of annoyance.

I widened my eyes. "You got me."

Tristan laughed too.

"We missed you, that's all." Carol said, lying down in the old spot again, shifting to find the most comfortable spot again. "We're glad you come. Whenever you can, whenever you want. We aren't going anywhere anyway."

"Been busy lately," I said, feeling the compulsion of explaining, figured owning them that much at least. I sit down beside her, arms wrapped around my knees, facing the sea.

The sea here today is exactly like the sea out there. Quiet, calm, salty. White foam pushed by the wind, drawing layers of waves onto the beach. The water looked more green than blue. The kind of natural, deep-ocean green. The sun hang at the edge of the horizon, warm but not too blinding, just comfortable enough to enjoy the sunbath without having to worry about any sunburn. The wind was warm too. Out there it's probably less than an hour to the sunset; in here, it's going to stay like this forever until we want it move.

I took a deep breath. Salty air fill my lungs -- this one isn't imaginary. Sometimes when I inhaled too deeply, it felt like all those salty smell filling every inch of every cell in my lung, it'd feel like I'm a dried fish waiting to be pickled with all the savory flavors -- a naturally evolved dried fish, but a fish on the land nonetheless.

"Yeah, figured as much," Carol glanced at me, tone casual. "Think you can relax a bit when you're here? You know, for an hour at least?"

I kept my breath the same rhythm as the sea's, close enough to the state of meditation but not quite there yet.

"I'm trying," I told her.

"You tried too hard," Tristan commented, observing me with tilted head, just like the bird he is most often do.

I shot a glimpse at him, "Well, don't think I can do anything about that. Muscle memory to try hard on every damn thing in my life. I'll stop when I'm dead." It came out more harsh than I meant. Just hope they got that it wasn't aimed to them.

"Yeah, I can practically hear your brain running, like the car engine, or the CPU in your new PC," Tristan said carelessly, "running on full power."

"Might as well let it all out," Carol suggested. "Come on, hit me, what's in your mind? What are you thinking right now?"

"That I'm a little hungry today, so I might not have much time here." I examined my thought, telling her as they come. "I didn't have coffee today, so I might have to have an early night -- want it or not -- that's a plus, considering having a full day tomorrow."

"How long it's been since last time you had a dream that you can remember all the details?" Carol asked suddenly. Like a doctor listening to my symptoms (all the whining) and now she's asking the critical questions for diagnosis.

"A while," I admitted, "I think I had some in yesterday's nap, or last weekend. But nothing I can remember too clearly, not like before when I was recording them. Been too busy, or tired, or distracted. I don't know, just reality invasion."

She shot me a concerned look, "You know exactly what it means."

"Alright, okay, yeah," I looked down, picking the sand in my hands and dropping them, "my brain's exhausted, memory and everything are infected. I'm getting dumb, you can just say that, you wanted to, didn't you?"

Carol crackled slightly, "I didn't say that, you did."

"What a nasty trap," I faked a sigh. Then straightening the face, a beaten tired smile, "That's true anyway."

She nudged me from the side lightly, smallest move trying to cheer me up, "Just get some more rest, or I'd worry. I'll get dumber too if you burn out."

More guilt crept in. I totally forgot that too. But she's so right. She's always right. And she's always so observant and intelligent and caring, how can I doom her, like dragging her with in a sinking boat?

"What else's been keeping you up?" She asked again, probably an effort to distract me from that train of thought. And it worked.

"Writing. All those writings. All the stories I want to tell. They're draining me." I said, feeling it's easier to open now that we started talking. Started using actual words. "They are the ones I wanted to tell, but almost every time, three days in, and I'd lose my patience. They're just becoming insufferable."

They just listened to me, not interrupting the slightest this time. When it came to stories and writing, they got serious. They understood it's an important topic.

"Some stories wrote themselves, but not all of them. Even those that did, that's not all the time. I had to push through those rough parts, and man, some parts are so rough I have no idea if they'd ever work. I don't even want to read whatever shit I wrote down a second time, I have no idea how my readers bear with me. I feel so bad for them, especially the long ones. The longer I spent on them, the more effort and time and brain energy on them, I hate them more. That doesn't make sense, but it's happening all the time.

"I ran out of vocabulary every time when I reach about two thousand words. Anything longer than that, I feel like I'm just using the same set of words over and over again, repeating the actions, repeating the voice tags, repeating the sentences they would say. It's boring, it's annoying, and I just can't seem to improve it. They are like puppets, or it's me that's the puppet, running on the same track, doing and saying the same things repeatedly. My readers would so easily find out once they read a long one, or read a couple of mine."

Once I started venting out, there is no stop. Too late for them to stop me now. Not like they plan to though.

"Ideas came wilder than words I had. It's like I'm trying to build something big but my toolbox is just too small. I'm building a spaceship with a kid size toolbox. It's exhausting. I want to read more, memorize the words. I *am* reading more. But it's still so slow. It's going too damn slow. Probably another sign my brain isn't as sharp as they used to be now."

Carol straightened her upper body, putting her head on my shoulder. "It's okay." she said gently but firmly, one arm wrapped around my other shoulder. "It's okay. You're doing great -- awesome. Take it easy. People were reading emotions not words. You could get so much emotions out from so few words, don't you? That's something so many people are jealous about too. That's why people love your writings, your stories. They read because they want to read, and because your ideas are always brilliant, fascinating, unimaginable. No one has thought about things exactly as you imagined, no one has written them the way you wrote them. They are special because they're yours, and you are the only one in the universe who can write them this way."

I dodged my head slightly, pretending suddenly taking an interest observing a flying seagull under the blue sky. Figured she might be right. I didn't retort on that one.

"And the character building." Now that I had the permission to whine, I'd just indulge myself in it. I'd never run out of things to whine about. And for once, in here, I wouldn't have to worry about them complaining I'm whining like a baby or anything. "I'm never really good at creating new characters, new lives -- sometimes I'd imagine that's how God's like in Genesis, creating new humans, and I thought, I have absolutely no idea how God did that. Just creating a character, it's freaking difficult, let alone creating a whole world full of them. No wonder the world is full of assholes and scumbags and faulty humans, apparently creating good ones -- and can't batch-produce them all the same -- are way too difficult in the first day of job when there is barely just any light and darkness and sky and sea and all that."

"So I'm sticking to the lazy way right now, doing fanfics, not having to think about character building. And deep down, I know those lazy ways of borrowing characters others created, it's not really doing me much good. Not if I really want to have some breakthrough in novel storytelling, in creating stories of my own. Original ones. Ones that I'd be proud to share and publish and make them a big deal. I'm just not there yet, and I don't know how long I'd have to wait for that to change." I stared at the round of orange cloud near the sun, eyes stinging. It was hard. It was too bright. The sun was setting. The night was closing in.

"You know, I didn't realize that so vividly until quite recently," I told her. "I knew I wasn't too good at it, and I'd been okay with that. But when I saw what a friend did, just so casually piecing together a character so interesting, so profoundly her, so special, it's something I've never come up with and never will be -- a guitarist moonlighting assassin -- a character only she could have created in the whole world and she did it, a character fully and completely belonged to her, from creation to growing. I had to rethink those ones I did for myself, like you and Tristan, like Joanna Beth. But there's just so few 'me' in those, they're shadows of others I liked, but not *mine*.

"It's like I'm still walking on canes, borrowing others' ideas, nothing of my own. Say, Joanna Beth, not even her name is hers own. Or her face, or her childhood, what she did for a living, how she's like. Just, nothing. She's a clone, at the best. And I felt so bad for her. She's sort of mine now, from the way I present her, but she's more Frankenstein than a real complete flesh and blood character. She's not mine, and she'll never be. It makes me so sad and I don't know what to do.

"I write and write, my hands hurt, my brain hurt, my back hurt, and I'm still not good enough. Not good at words or characters or anything that really mattered. I don't even know why I keep torturing myself in it like that." I said, almost desparately.

"I think you did us quite well. For the record." Tristan said carefully.

"Your name isn't yours, it came from the book I liked. Your wings aren't yours, they came from the popular show. Want me to say more?" I said cynically. He fell silent. I felt even worse for shutting him up. He's just trying to help.

"Sorry," I said quickly, stealing a glance. He shrugged, but his face was hidden in shadows. I probably hurt his feelings, meant it or not. I'd become an asshole when I got upset, that much I know.

"All good writers borrow something from others," Carol managed, apparently trying to lift the mood.

"Not all stealing faces and names." I pointed out.

"Have to start somewhere," she said, "don't compare to J.R.R. Tolkien or Shakespeare just yet, you're just starting. That's your own words, remember you just started writing in this second language for less than a year."

I was muted for a brief moment. She had a point. She had a really, really good point that I kept forgetting. I swallowed. "Right," I said. Yeah, that's a really good point to not be too harsh.

She managed a slightly bigger smile, "See? Feeling better now?"

"You always have the magic to achieve that, don't you?" I smiled back weakly, but a smile nonetheless.

She moved her head away, turning her body to lean on me, but not pressing with too much weight, just a comforting one. A soothing existence. "'Cause I do. That's why you love me."

"Look at you, cocky," I'm surprised. Since when did she grow to be so mischievous and open and having all those cute little traits I didn't know were in her?

She felt so alive, like no other characters in the worlds I built or borrowed. So special. So real. Sometimes I wonder if she *is* real. The only very real thing in here. And the conclusion is -- yes.

She smiled brightly, pecking a kiss on my cheek.

"Now, move your ass to have that dinner you actually really want even though you said you'll be fine without and that nice long night of sleep you definitely need. I'll help you with Joanna Beth tomorrow, alright? We can invite her over for a tea or a drink, open a potion shop for her if she wants, you can talk with her and all that, do your things. Should make it easier to feel her as she decides for herself, like the way you did for me, the freedom you give me, isn't it?"

That is such a brilliant idea. Why didn't I think of it myself?

"I'd like that," I told her.

Though, a small part of me was still wondering if I'd ever create a character more wonderous, more brilliant, more talent, more interesting, and more ready for the world to see, than her.

It pained me to think there might be one surpassing her for my love one day. It pained me more to think if there wouldn't be one, then I'm looking at my ceiling of creation just watching her walk around.

She read my mind. "Stop beating yourself up." she snapped, demanding and all dominant, the bossy side showing relentlessly. "There will be one -- or many -- and you will love what you create. I don't mind. That's gonna be what it's like to be a god in your world, to create lives, to love and be loved by your creations, or hate and hated, if they desire -- since you're giving them free will. Whichever way, just let them be. Invite every new life here, and we'll talk. They'll figure out their shit, you'll figure out yours. Then Bob's your uncle, Fanny's your aunt. Capiche?"

"Bossy," I amused, lying down on the ground, letting the grass poking my back, staring at the blue sky, letting my mind go.

"Yeah, I capiche." I told her, smiling, and shutting my eyes. That can be a problem for tomorrow. Today, I'm gonna have a nice long night of sleep with some nice long dream -- hopefully.
