The smell of the sea started flooding in when the car took a turn onto a rugged lane, asphalt and freeway long behind. I leaned on the open window frame, staring at the roadside ruderal. The passenger seat was empty, the window was lowered. The lingering smell of cigarettes was quickly washed away, replaced by the salty, wet sea smell. The taste of some old memory.

Dad didn't say anything, or look back from the rear mirror. He just drove on and on, like he could drive all the way to the end of the world like that, or all the way to the past tracing back on the lane of time. Music played low on the radio, nothing more than a vague hum. He might have forgotten me some thousand miles ago. I was comfortable snuggling in the backseat anyway.

The lane became more bumpy not long after. Wheels tumbled on the stony road, gravels and pebbles bumping and scratching. The front of the car raised high towards the upper of the hill, my back pressed hard on the back of the seat. The altitude kept rising, the sound of waves crashing onto the edge of the cliff right on the tip of the ears. We were getting closer to the sea, and further away from above.

And then there was another turn. Like magic, the view opened wide. The sea was roaring beneath us a few hundred feet down, thunderous, relentless; ahead of us, a small house stood at the end of the lane a few hundred feet away, lit with some orange light.

It was the middle of the afternoon, cloud so low here that it taunted the ground like white fog. The air heavy and wet like melted salty marshmallows. I licked my lips.

We pulled over by the house.

<br>

The house looked exactly how I remembered it last time, peeling wallpapers damp at the corner, spotted with claybank mold stains. The light came from the standing lamp by the window. Most of the wooden furniture sat around by the wall, leaving an open space in the center, for a sofa chair to recline comfortably low with Grandpa on it, reading some book that looked as old as he was, in the exact same posture as I remembered last time and the time before that.

"Back so soon?" Grandpa lowered the book as we came in, grunted.

"Long enough." Dad didn't look at him, walking to the window facing the other side of the house, looking outside.

It was all greyish blue out there, from where I stood. The sky looked so close to the reach, it must be far away from everything else. I wandered to the bookshelf, tilting my head to read the titles on the book ridges, knowing there wouldn't be anything new. I read them anyway.

"How's it going out there?" The sofa squeaked, I imagined Grandpa standing up, walking around. For some tea, maybe. I kept my eyes on the book spines.

"Bad." Dad mumbled.

"You gonna talk like that the whole night, son? One word a time?" A quirk in his voice.

Some silence. Then a long breath out.

"It's everywhere," Dad said, grimly, "cities, towns, big place, small place, east, west. They're fighting, everyone. You see two people at a bus stop, you bet they'd start tearing each other apart ten minutes into talk. It's war, and the battlefield is everywhere. I have to drive through the desert to be sure not run into any living human being."

"Still about the droids?"

"What else?"

Grandpa scoffed, "Idiots."

"You don't say." A beat. "You know what's most insane? Droids aren't even part of this, they don't fight. It's only human, it's always just human. Half the men like them, other half hate them, that's enough reason to start anything."

"Not like droids can't defend themselves." Grandpa deadpanned.

"Not their fingers on the nuke."

"That bad, huh?"

"You can't imagine."

The room fell into silence briefly, only to be broken a few minutes later by Grandpa's grave voice. "Actually, I can." he said slowly, "All the battlefields, all the same, innit? You want this, they want that, kids do rock-paper-scissor, we throw bombs and missiles. They even care droids can walk n' talk now? Or think, or whatever."

At the periphery of my eyes, Dad shrugged, "Do you?"

"Suppose I should." I could sense a glance sweeping over my back before flashing by elsewhere, Grandpa's eyes weighed lighter than Dad's, "Or else her effort would be nothing, innit?"

"Oh no, don't you start that!" Dad snapped suddenly -- not exactly surprisingly though, "If she didn't... she wouldn't..."

He trailed off, eyes happened to crash into mine with flare, fingers fumbling in the pocket.

"It's not her fault, not any of it," he concluded pointedly, lighting the cigarette he just fetched, "but the kid? I don't know about that."

He stormed out.

I stared at the book title in front me that I had been looking at for the past minutes. Still didn't know what it said.

"Don't mind him," Grandpa said behind me with a sigh, "how you doing, kid?"

"I'm-- I'll--" My throat didn't quite work, I gestured the downward stairs next to me frantically, and dodged into it before hearing anything back.

<br>

The basement had always been a comforting place.

The air smelt like dust and earth, mixed with a splash of salt seeping through the cracks of the wall.

It looked more like a small cramped library and research room than anything. Grandpa had enough books upstairs, but it was nothing compared to here. Piles after piles of books stacked against the walls, leaving barely any passing space. On the desk in the middle of the room, there were more journals and notebooks and scratch papers with hand-written notes and hand-drawn sketches. Figures and curves, formulas and calculations, faces with metallic reflection but no glare in the eyes, bodies with stretching muscles and skins. The imaginations and the realities, the now at her time and the now of my time, the time, the space... All so mixed, all so overlapped.

"Mom..." Voice choked out by itself, rough on the edge.

I took a deep breath, thinking at least it was the same air flowing then and now, soaking into me. The room felt empty.

I reached out to a piece of sketch on top of the stack, realizing belatedly that I wasn't looking into a mirror but close enough. The face that looked all so familiar stared back at me, smiling, unbothered -- my own look. My hand touched my chin involuntarily, half-expecting the painting doing the same. But the painting remained a painting, smiling back at me untiringly, eyeing deeper into me than I knew myself. I swallowed, shuffling under the stare.

There were small notes at the bottom of the page. I held the paper closer, borrowing the light from the tiny window on the wall. Mom's handwriting read: "Al, I decide it's your name, the curious soul wandering into the new world, nothing more fitting." -- It was from ages ago, I reminded myself, thirty or sixty years ago I wouldn't know, not a postcard sent from a town over was for sure, somehow it made my stomach turn, -- "I hope I have completed this - completed you - the best and biggest dream in my life. If I don't get a chance to tell you, just know that I absolutely love you and trust you, I know from the deepest of my soul that you'll be the best of all of us, intelligent and knowledgeable like some of us, creative and kind like others... You'll be everything we need. Bring the two worlds together, Al," -- the writing gets more scrawling after that and the paper wet, -- "bring the future to us, because you *are* the future."

I put the paper back on the desk, vision blurry. I needed some breath.

<br>

"Who are you, and why are you here?"

I didn't see her at first, too focused on my own thoughts that I jumped, took a sharp stop by the stairs. Or it was the books' fault, the stacks hid her too well.

I stared at the popped-out head, not expecting company, lost the train of my thoughts. "Who are *you*?"

She walked wobbly from behind the pile, feeble and unbalanced, I wondered if the ground was so uneven. Her face bright like sunshine, young, about my age.

"I'm here first," she said triumphantly, "so I gotta ask first."

Fair point.

"Al," I said, "I'm Al, short for Alice."

"From the Wonderland?" she asked curiously.

"Uh, no, just from around here." It took me a second to understand, but a small smile crawled up slowly. It was difficult to not pick up her energy. "Your turn now."

"Dorr," she said, holding out her hand, "short for Dorothy."

I raised my brows, amazed, "From the Oz?"

She laughed, cheerful mood-lifting wind-bell sound. "I wish, but also from around here."

I held her hand, shaking lightly. Her grasp firm, her hand rigid and metal cold. It was made of metal, reflecting with silver glisten.

My eyes traced back to her arms, moving up along the metallic light, meeting her eyes. The whole arm was metal, so was the other side, and the skin above the collar, only below the chin.

She took her hand back, reading my face. "You don't seem surprised."

"What to surprise about?"

"That I'm more Tin Man than Dorothy?" She offered, with another quirky smile but it didn't look as natural as before.

"Oh." I thought about it, "Did you keep the heart?"

She nodded, "Heart and head, but not much else."

"You're Dorothy then." I told her, giving a smile as best as I could manage.

Her body relaxed.

"I've never seen you before." She said as she edged towards the desk. Only then did I realize the ground was even but the metal legs might not be. I reached out tentatively, wanting to help but not sure how, she managed to sit on the only chair that wasn't occupied by the papers and books, didn't knock down anything.

"I don't come often," I told her, "Dad brought me here sometimes, but he always gets jumpy when anyone mentions Mom, so I'd come down here for some quiet escape."

"So do I." Dorr said, before some realization dawned on her. She gave an exaggerated jaw-dropping face, "Wait, Dr. Turian is your Mom? It's so cool!"

I nodded, bemused why.

"She gave me these, you know?" She gestured to her arms, then chest, then a finger movement that meant up and down, top to bottom. "We started with this hand." she opened the left palm and closed it, clenching into a fist and releasing, small screeching noise passed from the knuckles but she didn't seem to notice, beaming at her hand, satisfied with how it worked.

She told me the right hand was the next, and then arms and legs, then something inside, chest and ribs, the whole set. I imagined her lying on an infirmary bed, in her original body, bandaged like a mummy, blood oozing through the white clothes, waiting for the flesh and blood to be warped out by the metal.

"Does it hurt?" I asked quietly.

She winced, reflectively, like the pain coming back just by mentioning it, at least the memory of it. I rushed an "I'm sorry" immediately.

"Actually not so much," She thought about it, "only at the beginning..." She looked up at me, "You wouldn't feel pain if there's no nerve left, would you?"

Somehow I doubted if that was true. I didn't answer, just hummed.

She opened her palm again, scrutinizing it, lost in thoughts. Probably more memories when she was still-- not like this.

My eyes wandered around her, falling carefully on the metallic bright skins on the back of her hands, wondering if that would be rude to stare before shifting away. The painting on top of other papers caught my eyes again. I didn't need to read the words again to remember exactly what was written there. The temporarily lifted mood sunk again. The future Mom promised, the war Dad observed, words and images intertwining together, swimming behind the back of my eyelids, throbbing and tugging.

I shifted where I had been standing all this time, glancing at the doorway before checking back on Dorr. The light passing through the tiny wall-top window was dimming, it must be near sunset.

"Want to head out somewhere?"

She looked up, eyes bright again. "Sure."

<br>

We didn't take the stairway back to the house.

The tiny basement window surprisingly fit us both when we climbed out. A wave of dusk wind blew right into us, chilly and fresh, different from the inky smell that I just gotten used to.

I didn't see Grandpa or Dad from where I was.

Dorr tucked my hand, pointing at the gradient colors of the sunset glow on the distant horizon.

"Let's get to the sea." She suggested, excitedly.

"All the way down? By foot?" I eyed the edge of the cliff cautiously.

"And hands too. I do that all the time." She shrugged, "We can get there before it gets all dark."

I darted a quick glimpse at the house. I imagined Dad would notice our footsteps and raged outside, shouting at me for sneaking around and then I'd never see Dorr again. I sensed guilt gathering up from the pit of my stomach but I decided it wasn't a wrong thing to do. I followed Dorr towards the edge of the road leading to the cliff.

<br>

The climbing was unexpectedly exhausting. I knew I was never much good at athletics, but the way it drained all strength in my limbs still surprised me. My hands and legs were shaky by the time we reached the bottom of the cliff, Dorothy lent me her hand to hold on to. We walked on the stony beach, slippery pebbles rolling under my feet.

She was right, the sky still had glints of colors from the dusk, transitioning from scarlet to violet. The stars started blinking but the night hadn't taken over yet.

I gulped the salty air into my system like my sustenance relied on it. The sound of waves and the hand in my hold calmed me down, I didn't mind the chilliness of the metallic surface.

The scarlet of the sky transitioned into crimson, then mahogany, violet turned to indigo before going to the near-black Prussian blue. We watched the sky palette in comfortable silence, not thinking about any hole in the memory we just poked about, breath easing into the waves' rhythm.

"You still didn't say why you are here." Dorr said, after eternity.

"Told you Dad drove us here." I said absent-mindedly, mind still floating like a foam on the wave.

"That's not why."

*But it is.* I wanted to say, instead, I dragged my eyes back, frowned into the wet pebbles in front of me, chewing the inside of my cheeks. My fingers found a piece of cracked shell in between the pebbles, picking it up, fidgeting with it.

The changed words between Grandpa and Dad resonated in my head. I remembered everything out there we saw, everything that was still happening under the same star sky that was above our head.

"The world is --" I couldn't find a proper word, *crazy* couldn't cover it, *messed-up* felt light, "uneasy" was the one I landed on.

"There are fights and wars everywhere." I said, remembering. *Everywhere but here,* my mind supplemented, *because here is the edge of the world, cold, rocky, too much salt and too few warm breathing souls. Humans wouldn't want to come.* But still, everywhere. And it was all about --

"I know." Dorr sighed long, eyes boring into the now dark horizon, "Three guesses why my family moved here?"

I turned to look at her. The silhouette of her side melted into the darkness, undistinguishable on the edge, aside from the glittering eyes and straight nose. The face all flesh and blood, but I knew it wasn't all she got.

"Can't be your..." My eyes slipped from her face to pointing downward, trailing off.

She blew out a short breath, "Yeah, that. They'd call me all kinds of things, you know? Neighbors, classmates, people on the street, I've heard bot, droid, cyberman, machina, metal Frankenstein, hybrid..." her voice stayed flat, "-- That was even before the war forces forming."

"But you are as human as anyone!" I defended, couldn't help myself, before having time to think what I wanted to say.

"That doesn't seem to matter much to anyone, compared to these." She waved a hand, reflection drawing a curve in the air. I could imagine the bitter smile at the tip of her lips, remembering the look when she stared at her own silver-glistening palm.

"Matters to me." I murmured. -- Which, didn't really matter after all, if came to think about it.

She turned to look at me, the heat from her stare making my cheeks burn in the night wind. "I'm probably more machine than human now, for anyone's concern." She laid out, "'Believers' wanted to advocate me, making up all kinds of miraculous effects, selling the futuristics, wanting everyone changing over to be like this; 'Defenders' called me a traitor, an abomination, saying I'm the spy from machine's conspiracy, poorly disguised."

I didn't know what to say.

"They fought in front of my house, Al, one night. Twenty people died there, on the street, right by our door front." Her voice cracking, her body shaking, I put an arm on her shoulder to pass some warmth, but it wasn't the cold anyway.

"Twenty humans. Bloody. Cold. Because of me." She couldn't stop murmuring now, tears muffling her voice. I put the other arm around her too, pulling her into a half-hug given our position. She leaned on my shoulder, sobbing, my clothes got wet quickly. My hands patting her back up and down.

"It's not your fault." I told her. And then said it a second time, and a third, making sure the meaning could sink in.

"We all thought this tech was just gonna help, the Doctor - your mom and I..." Her voice came back more, mine got lost, "I would never have survived the fire or the surgery if not for this. We thought it was a blessing that it worked. Now? Look at us, hiding out in the nowhere, watching the world burn, it's Pandora's Box. It's a curse, the biggest one in all human history."

"Would you rather we never figure those out? " I swallowed hard, working my voice there. "About how to make robots and androids more like humans, walking, thinking, helping; how to make mankind more like machines, patching, fixing, healing?"

She eyed me for a long minute. Then said, out of the blue, "You are not human."

It wasn't a question.

I froze completely.

I dropped my hands on either side of her shoulders, fidgeting and shifting from where I sat. Fingers fumbling the cracked shell so clumsily that it cut through the soft skin. Stingy pain registered belatedly, I knew there wouldn't be any blood, only open wires.

"I--" No sentence came out from there for a long while.

"I can understand if you want to leave me be." I squeezed the voice out of the bulge in the throat.

I felt gentle hands tracing up my hands on the ground, palms caressing my arms, reaching my face, cupping my chin.

She held me there and looked into my eyes, fingers stroking my cheeks, pupils reflecting stars. She said, "Al, I don't care what you are made of. You're more human than any machine I've ever seen, hell, you're more human than most human."

I had to resist the raging impulse of kissing the fondling fingers by my lips, restraining all the emotions that were built into me and scoured me from head to toe. I hated the overwhelming human feelings at this moment that made me desperately want to believe I am human only to know I am not.

Too human for a machine, and too machine for a human. My heart felt too tight, I closed my eyes.

"You have no idea what I have done." I whispered, didn't realize when the tears started rolling down, her chilly metallic fingers wiped them away. She leaned closer, lips by my cheek, shushing, "It's ok. It's not your fault."

I finally allowed myself breaking down and crushing, crying like a human would do. Allowing myself being held by a pair of firm arms from another body, like a human would do.

It wasn't until then that I was finally able to tell her everything that was eating me up, that was eating Dad up. About how I was the reason Mom passed. About how I was the reason the world is a giant battlefield now. About Mom's notes and letters and dreams of the future.

Mom passed in a late winter, not too different from the one we were going through now. It was the world's largest artificial intelligence and robotics conference, and Mom brought me -- not as complete as she would like, but close enough to lead me walk onto the stage and show around.

Talking and thinking and feeling, I did what I was told to. Critical eyes scanning me, I remembered feeling uncomfortable -- didn't know it was called fear after a long while. I wanted to hide behind Mom, I wanted to go home.

I knew I looked close enough to a natural-born human, but electricity ramming in the cables where veins were supposed to be underneath the soft warm skin. They cut me open, just to see the wires instead of blood running through the wound. I gasped in pain, they gasped in amusement.

People were impressed, I remembered vaguely thinking, feeling proud for Mom, enduring more observation and examination of all kinds to reassure them how close to human I was -- but not really. I felt like an object still.

We didn't realize then, that how quickly human emotion could take a sharp turn -- one moment amazement, the next disgust and threat, followed by anger, and then hostility. I would never know who was the first one throwing something at me, calling me Demon of the new era, Devil wearing human face. I could walk and talk, and it terrified them no less than seeing a ghost. They crowded onto the stage, fighting to tear a piece of skin or a thread of wire from me. Mom fought desperately in front of me, holding out her arms, trying so vainly to separate me from them... I never even got a chance to see what happened. By the time the crowd was cleared, it was already too late. Mom lay unconsciously on the ground, and the war between the "Believers" and the "Defenders" started inevitably.

It never stopped bewildering me how divided people's thoughts could be. "Believers" convinced I was the savior of the new era, leading humans marching into the new future like the shining futuristic fiction promised, even Mom believed I could do something to shape the world like that; while "Defenders" thought I was the antichrist of the new time, contaminating and destroying everything I touch, even Dad blamed me for everything. Thus came the war.

But I was neither. I told Dorr, with her head leaning by my side, and mine by hers, looking into the sea under the night sky. That was when I had to pause, combing through my thoughts before saying any more, clearing up my mind.

*What* am I? Human or droid, savior or sinner? I silently asked the sea, the waves and wind didn't give me a straight answer. I didn't ask the more difficult questions about the world or the future.

"Take your time." Dorr said quietly, her hair brushing my face lightly in the wind. She squeezed my hand gently, giving a short chuckle, "Good thing? I could do it with you. I'd have to figure that out for myself too anyway."

At least we made a good balanced average, all things considered. My mind joked, the lips biting it back afraid it was inappropriate.

I smiled small at her, deciding not to trouble asking what if we never could or the world outside couldn't wait that long. So many questions unanswered, problems unsolved. It was just another.

I held her hands tighter. And it felt good, right then and there, I felt -- me.

Not human, not machine, just -- me.

<br>

Dad was furious when I sneaked back home, expectedly, but I didn't regret it.

"A human?" His voice ice cold, dropping the room temperature to freezing point, "You sneak out with a human, after all that effort we spent getting away from them?"

Dorr was different, I told him, she understood. But it didn't help much.

"Sure, she's different, they all are -- because they are BLOODY LYING HUMANS!" Dad yelled, "And you are not!"

I shrunk in hurt. However I wanted to believe, I was not. My own dad said I was not.

"John, to be fair, so are you, all of us flesh and bone." Grandpa chimed in, "Nothing strange with the kid getting more comfortable among carbon than silicon."

"Don't give me that," Dad waved in his general direction impatiently, eyes still locked on me, cold, "not after what happened to..."

I swallowed, waiting for him to bring up Mom, to whip me more pain and hurt than already felt. But he left it there just like that.

*I'm not a machine.* I looked at his figure, thinking loudly, hoping somehow the thought get passed through without saying. I don't feel like one because -- *I feel*. But the world didn't care, the world split and fought and tortured, getting brutal and miserable for everyone -- humans or machines. And Dad was just being... dad, stashing us like saving a cargo in the corner of a stockroom.

I swallowed, gathering up the scattered courage in the gut, "The problem won't vanish just by looking away."

He squinted his eyes, "So what, you want to play hero now? Solving war problems for billions of humans? Hoping one day droids and men, machine-lovers and -skeptics would just shake hands and live in peace and harmony?"

I had no answer. My gut curled. Utopia and paradise didn't exist, not past, not in the future, it would never really be.

*But at least we had to try.* I thought hard, and told him that.

Even if it was just to make one life living out of fear, it would worth it. My mind wandered round and round about the moonlit smiling face, the wind-bell laughter, the silver glistening hands. The girl never been to the Emerald City but just as wondrous. I must have smiled.

"It's love, isn't it?" Dad studied my look, voice quieter, eyes brighter, wrinkle between brows smoother, "Alice, you really are a real girl now."

"Yes, I think I really am." I whispered, smiling wider, eyes wet, surges of emotions wiping through my body -- what does it matter that they were running through veins or wires now?

Jumping to my feet, I was already ready to dash into the outside world. Hope, amongst everything else, rose high in my chest. Tomorrow, I would be out there, helping, saving, trying my best forging the world a better shape, even if it would never be perfect.

But not today. Today, I would stop by a girl's doorstep, knocking on the door, asking, if she would want to watch the sea together again.