---
layout: post
title: 【读后感】《Coraline》
date: 2024-04-03
categories: 读后感
characters: ["Neil Gaiman"]
tags: ["读后感", "摘录", "英文", "鬼妈妈", "写作"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 个站
---

> Miss Forcible looked at Miss Spink, picked up her knitting, and took a deep breath. "Anyway, April. As I was saying: you still have to admit, there's life in the old dog yet."
>
> "Miriam, dear, neither of us is as young as we were."
>
> "Madame Arcati," replied Miss Forcible. "The nurse in *Romeo*. Lady Bracknell. Character parts. They can't retire you from the stage."
>
> "Now, Miriam, we *agreed*," said Miss Spink. Coraline wondered if they'd forgotten she was there. They weren't making much sense; she decided <u>they were having an argument as old and comfortable as an armchair, the kind of argument that no one ever really wins or loses but which can go on forever, if both parties are willing</u>.
>
> —— Chapter 2

"An argument as old and comfortable as an armchair", I never would have thought about using an armchair to describe an argument, so brilliantly accurate, love it so much. Just the best word for it, you can understand the sense of old and comfortable just by using this simple word: "armchair". Amazing word choice.

<br>

When you read stories from the same author enough, you'll start to notice patterns. Some elements repeatedly show up, intentionally or not. Like black cat, like Wellington boots, like adults saying "it won't hurt" and the kid knew that "when grown-ups told you something wouldn't hurt it almost always did".

By chapter 4, this new story already to start to feel just like the last one I just finished: "The ocean at the end of the lane". Both starts with a normal and a tiny little boring life, and then very quickly go into a weird direction. Both have a kid as the protagonist, whether the first person view or the third, both stories feel like vivid and real as if I was inside that story world with them. Both a teeny tiny bit of scary, though the book reviews are already warning me this might be more scary than I thought.

I would guess it's another semi-autobiography story, or in other words, it comes from something real, something happened, in a metaphorical way. It most certainly has metaphors in it, though I haven't figure out what. The "other" home and parents and neighbors, all live the lives exactly as Coraline would have wished, it just feels too good to be true. Maybe just some conspiracy to keep her inside that other world? Pretending to be attractive but not really? We'll see.

In here it's an explorer who loves wandering around and exploring the world, in the last book the kid is a bookworm who loves nothing more than books and stories. I guess I can see Neil in both of them, and myself too, and perhaps most kids actually.

<br>

> It was a rustling voice, scratchy and dry. It made Coraline think of some kind of enormous dead insect. Which was silly, she knew. How could a dead thing, especially a dead insect, have a voice?

> his voice sounding like the noise dry leaves make as they rustle across a pavement

> Coraline had time to observe that the house itself was continuing to change, becoming less distinct and flattening out, even as she raced down the stairs. It reminded her of a photograph of a house, now, not the thing itself.
>
> The house had flattened out even more. It no longer looked like a photograph - more like a drawing, a crude, charcoal scribble of a house drawn on gray paper.

The writing is splendid, the dry rustling voice as if comes from enormous dry insects and leaves rustling across the pavement, and how the house is gradually devoured by the nothingness. The words are just like images or movies, vivid, colourful (though in this case it has a lot of gray in it), very... alive. Can't wait to see how the adapted movie of Coraline (often mistaken as Caroline myself as well at the beginning, just like all her neighbours) would look like, how same/different as my imagination while reading.

The story is not as scary as the reviews said, it's creepy, yes, but not super scary. At the end of the day it's just another children's book. Neil seems to be quite good at writing children's book, though always specifically for children that love fantasy and horror stories LOL.

And, as a children's book, the thoughts and metaphors in the story are not as deep as I expect it would be. The most important ideas are quite simple: *how to be brave* ("when you're scared but you still do it anyway, that's brave") and *how to enjoy the life* ("You really don't understand, do you? I don't want whatever I want. Nobody does. Not really. What kind of fun would it be if I just got everything I ever wanted? Just like that, and it didn't mean anything. What then?"). Simple, but still provoking and inspiring.
