---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Night Falls, Close Your Eyes（Chap.2）Day Two（2）
date: 2025-06-29 02:42
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester", "Sam Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 DeanCas Horrorfest
long_novels: 【Destiel】Night Falls, Close Your Eyes
---

The station is busier than Dean would expect a small town like Sioux Falls would usually be -- which is supposed be empty, for what's worth to be "a small town."

Instead, it's almost packed. A woman is sitting in a sound-proof inquiry room with an officer. Two men sit in the reception, one middle age, the other young one looks like a high school football team star. Another messy-looking man is in a separate glass-walled room, alone.

Sheriff Mills gestures to the empty seat next to them, "Wait here."

Dean glances around the room, "Wait, those are all suspects? How many people did this Benny guy piss off?"

"You may say he's not the most popular guy in the town," Sheriff Mills says flatly, "but a crime is a crime. I'll get you when it's your turn."

The Sheriff gestures the middle-aged man at the front of the seats to follow her, and the two of them disappear behind one of the empty rooms.

Dean sits next to the highschooler, holding out a hand. "Hey, I'm Dean."

The boy shakes his hand, "Henry."

And just like he thought, Henry is indeed the football team lead in Marshall High School. And him and Benny Sutton once had a pretty nasty fight right outside the school because he insulted his girlfriend at the time.

"The dude was a grade-a asshole, I'm telling you," Henry says casually, "he had it coming."

"Is that... is that a confess?" Dean blinks, "Did you kill him?"

"What? No, not me. I'm no killer. Just saying, whoever did it must hold some grudge, and I'm telling you, they must have reasons." Henry answers easily.

"But I see the Sheriff still brought you in." Dean points out.

The boy shrugs, "She said some witness report matching the profile, but I was just in my home sleeping the whole night. I don't know anything."

"Yeah, same here, mate." Dean murmurs, "You know anything about those other people in here?"

As it turns out, the benefit of being in a small town is that everyone knows everyone. So within ten minutes, Dean gets enough stories around everyone's life. He shoots a casual glimpse in the direction of Sam and Cas while he prompts the chats and information from Henry, and notices satisfactorily that they are paying equal attention to the conversation. Great that he wouldn't have to repeat everything later.

So, according to Henry, the middle-aged man that the Sheriff just brought in is Mr. Stephan Phelps, Henry's math teacher at school, who once had a big quarrel of some kind regarding a suspected burglary in his house with the victim. The woman being questioned by Deputy Frank is Sarah Thompson, widow of Clay Thompson, who according to rumors, was murdered by Benny Sutton in an alleged hunting accident, which unquestionably makes her the top motivated suspect. And the man in the room alone, messy-haired and torn-clothed, is the town drunk Digger Wells, who doesn't seem to have any known conflict with the deceased asshole.

"Which means he's the witness." Dean thinks aloud. "He would have seen whoever committed the crime and able to ID the guy. That's why he's here."

"That makes so much sense," Henry agrees.

And that is as much time as they can squeeze, when Sheriff Mills leads the math teacher out, and calls Henry in for his turn of interrogation.

Dean leans back in the seat, glancing at Sam and Castiel. "What do you think?"

Sam says, confused, "Sounds like all just normal people to me."

Dean nods in agreement.

Castiel looks in the direction the math teacher just went out.

Dean regards him, "You got anything in your mind, Cas?"

Castiel turns to him, shaking his head. His frown does not ease since the morning.

"Yes, you are. That's your 'I have some trouble I'd just handle it myself' face. Spit it, what is it?" Dean lowers his voice, glancing at the corner of the ceiling, looking for hidden cameras. Okay, admittedly, police station isn't exactly the best place for some secret-sharing, but not like Cas is going to confess he's the one committed the crime, is him?

"I was afraid I might be the one committed the crime." Castiel says gravely.

Dean glares at him with widened eyes, whispering rapidly, "What the hell are you talking about? You said you fell asleep the whole night, like the rest of us."

"I did," Castiel looks at him straight in the eyes, troubled, "and I don't remember anything over the night, so I assumed I slept. But my shoes, they're wet in the morning."

"So what, mine too, doesn't mean anything." Dean rushes.

"Dean," Sam chimes in with his whisper, his face undergoing that slow process of realization dawning on him, "we were walking into Bobby's house yesterday."

"So?" Dean says annoyedly, and then immediately, "Oh."

He looks at Castiel, scrutinizing him more closely now. Castiel is unshaken under his suddenly guarded look.

"We walked in when it was raining, so yeah, totally normal with wet shoes, but you -- you flew in. Are you, uh, possessed or something?" Dean looks at him with doubted eyes, "Are you still Castiel?"

Castiel blinks, the frown adding more layers of complicated lines, "Yes, Dean. I'm still me."

"Maybe Heaven's brainwashed version? Maybe 'Work for Heaven, not for man like me' killer-angel Castiel?" Dean prompts under his breath, gritting his teeth. His hands reach toward the back of his belt, but not catching the familiar touch of a gun, realizing he didn't bring any weapon on their trip to the station.

Castiel lowers his look to the floor. "I don't think it's me," he says weakly. "And I'm sorry about that time."

Dean follows his look closely, swallowing hard. Not like he had any choice that time.

"Dean, we can't be sure yet." Sam hisses quietly.

Dean thinks for a second. "Alright, here's what we're gonna do. Don't say anything when the Sheriff asks, just say you stayed at Bobby's the whole night, sleeping like a baby. We are each other's alibi. Then we get out, check out the crime scene, see if we can find anything. Hopefully to prove you innocent, if proved otherwise, we'll deal with it. Capiche?"

Sam and Castiel nod solemnly.

<br>

They are released from the police station after all the procedures -- which is quite a lot, just to say the least. The sun is turning to the southern half of the sky. Dean checks his watch practically every five minutes -- they wouldn't want to spend the bloody forced sleeping night on some random road outside.

The crime place is inside Benny Sutton's house.

The man is definitely not the most clean human in the planet to do house-keeping, and the decoration of his brain is not making the situation any better. The place looks pink even just looking from the outside.

His house is covered by police warning lines, and a small crowd is still chattering outside the place.

If it's any of their usual cases, they'd just come back after dark. But the "night falls, you close your eyes" rule is making their life a little more difficult than usual.

They stand outside the warning line like everyone else, hoping to take a peek at the inside.

Dean recognizes a few familiar faces in the crowd.

Henry the high school boy is talking to a man in doctor's white gown.

Dean edges toward them, standing close enough to hear their conversation, and gestures Sam and Castiel to copy him.

"Doctor Gaines, what did you see?" Henry is asking.

The Doctor hesitates, "I'm sure there is some NDA or something, I'm probably not supposed to say anything."

"Come on, Doctor, you know everyone would find out everything in the end, after all it's just a small town." Henry encourages.

Doctor Gaines is very easily convinced, "Well, the forensic called in sick today, so the Sheriff asked me to step in. To be honest, there really isn't much left to be done, medical-wise."

"What do you mean?"

"Well, to start with, there isn't much of him left. It's worse than putting a man in a wood chopper, I'm afraid." Doctor Gaines says uneasily, "I hate to say bad for dead guys, but even someone like Benny Sutton, doesn't deserve something like that. He might not be the best neighbor in the town, sure, but it's not like he's the worst devil to be damned. Whoever did this to him, from what I can tell, practically smashed his brain out, cut every piece of him until there's nothing left to cut, and smashed all the pieces and bones."

Henry gasps sharply.

Even Dean has to remind his brain not to imagine the visual with too much details.

"I'm sorry. Is that too much? I shouldn't have said so much..." the Doctor hurries an apology.

"No, that's fine... I mean, yeah, no, I have to go." Henry leaves in a rush, hand covering his mouth.

Dean turns his back to Sam and Castiel just in time so the Doctor wouldn't notice he's been listening.

"I don't think there's more to ask or see," Dean says to them.

"We should probably go now," Sam suggests.

"I don't believe we have the pleasure of meeting." the Doctor's voice sounds up behind them.

Dean has to turn to him, with a forced polite smile, holding out a hand. "Dean," he says, then gestures to Sam and Castiel behind him, "and they're my brothers. Here to visit our uncle."

Doctor Gaines shakes his hand. "I see you have an interest in real-life crimes."

Dean widens his eyes slightly in surprise. "What? No. We're just..." he flashes a quick glimpse at Sam and Cas, looking for an excuse, "Want to make sure the neighborhood is safe."

"So that we can rest assured to leave our uncle here." Sam helps him out. Dean shoots him an appreciated look.

"I see." the Doctor nods approvingly, then reaches inside his pocket and fetches an ID card for them. "Well, if you don't feel safe, here's my number. I might have something just right for you."

Dean squints at the card, which is far too colorful and witchy to his taste for a decent doctor, but who knows, maybe it's just a really artistic doctor with a designer dream.

"Legal stuff?" Dean takes the card, asking casually.

The Doctor just shakes his hand again. "Call me if you need me. I can be helpful."

He leaves without another word.

"He seem sketchy to you?" Dean passes the card to Sam. Castiel looks at the paper carefully from the side.

"Very." Sam flips the card back and forth. The backside is a kind of poisonous dark-green color, the front bright bubbling purple. "I'd be more convinced it's a witch's potion shop ads. But who knows, maybe people nowadays like it."

Dean rolls his eyes, "Yeah, maybe."

They get back to Bobby's place barely before the sunset.

<br>

And the night falls.
