---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Night Falls, Close Your Eyes（Chap.2）Day Two（1）
date: 2025-06-29 00:46
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester", "Sam Winchester", "Jody Mills"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 DeanCas Horrorfest
long_novels: 【Destiel】Night Falls, Close Your Eyes
---

"This is no fun," Dean rubs his stiffened neck, stretching his arms and legs from the forced sleep on the chair for the whole night. His boots squeak slightly with wet marks on the floor.

Sam and Bobby wake up with a yawning at the same minute.

"It really is not," Sam agrees, standing up to stretch his body, "it's worse than motel bed."

Dean murmurs an agreement. "I feel more tired than four-hours."

Castiel stands to his foot from his position of lying on the floor, his hair and trench coat both more ruffled than usual. His look is more troubled than the previous day, as if someone waking up from a nightmare that they don't quite remember, but the horrid taste lingers.

Dean eyes him, "First time falling asleep?"

Castiel meets his eyes, the furrow is deep between his eyebrows. "I don't remember anything," he says gravely, "is it normal for human's sleep?"

Dean almost laughs. "No, it's not." he tells him, "That's why it's a case, we need to figure out what's wrong."

"How?" Sam asks, walking to the window, looking out. Dean's eyes follow him. It's not raining today. The sky is still gloomy, the air smells wet, but it improves so much comparing to yesterday's downpour.

"I don't know, go into the town, ask around, see if anything wanky. You know, like doing a job, but hopefully it saves the world." Dean says, making his voice sound easy.

Sam hums softly, moving toward the door, reaching for his jacket. "Sounds like a plan."

"I would like to help," Castiel says slowly, looking at Dean.

Dean nods quietly, then manages to pull a smile for a joke, "Not like you can go anywhere without our car now, aren't you?"

The air in the room does not lift from the joke.

Dean almost reaches the door when the door bell rings. He shoots a quick questioning glance at Bobby, who answers with a blank shake of head.

Dean opens the door.

A policewoman in her neat suit flashes a badge before his eyes. "Sheriff Jody Mills. Would you mind I ask a few questions?"

"Sheriff," Dean gives her his perfect FBI smile, "to what do we own the pleasure?"

Sheriff Mills is not impressed by his smile. Her voice is all business, "Murder suspect."

"Whose murder?" Sam asks behind him. Dean doesn't notice when he walked over to the door.

"Benny Sutton," Sheriff Mills says with a straight face, but Dean can see the force she's putting to keep no extra information leak. Her eyes are widened, the lines on her face tightened.

"How bad?" Dean asks.

Sheriff Mills gives him a stern look. "Very bad, the worst kind. Look, I'm not supposed to give *you* any information before your suspect is cleared."

Dean blinks, gesturing to himself, "Me? Why me?"

"Technically, it's all... three of you." Sheriff Mills looks behind him, eyes popping on Dean, Sam, and Castiel. Then to Bobby who's wheeling himself to the door, "Bobby Singer, how many people did you shelter here?"

Bobby glares at her, "Just those three. Why do I have the feeling this is personal?"

"Trust me, nothing personal." Sheriff Mills answers, "I've got witness report."

"And they said it's one of those boys?" Bobby grunts.

"What can I say, they all match the profile." Sheriff Mills looks at them. "Where are each of you last night?"

Dean is the one answering for all of them, "Slumber party here, Bobby's place. All of us sleeping our twelve-hour long beauty sleep like everyone else in town, in case you didn't notice."

Sheriff Mills does not show any sign of noticing anything unusual in what he just said. "The whole night? From sunset to sunrise?"

"Yes," Dean says grumpily. "Are we good now?"

"Then where does that come from?" Instead of leaving with the apparent answer, Sheriff Mills stares behind him, pointing at Bobby's living room floor.

Dean turns around to look, blinking blankly as there is not really anything to see on the floor. It's wet with footprints just as he remembered.

"What, the water marks?" Sam follows the direction of her fingers, must be seeing exactly what Dean sees. "What's so strange? It was raining yesterday."

"The rain stopped before the morning. So if like you said, all of you have been staying inside for the whole night, where does the wet boot come from?" Sheriff Mills looks at the three of them one at a time meaningfully. "Maybe some of you sneak out in the night without others knowing."

Dean exchanges looks with Sam and Castiel, all of them looking disturbed by the suggested accusation, shifting uneasily.

"No way," Dean tells the Sheriff, "I know them, none of us did anything. We don't even know who this Benny Sutton guy is."

"Proof is proof," Sheriff Mills says harshly, "I'll have to bring all of you in, notes and fingerprints and all that. You want to do it easy way or easier way? My car waits on the driveway."

Dean glances behind her, and just like she said, a police car is parked on the driveway leading to the front door. No blinking red-blue siren light.

Sheriff Mills puts a hand casually on her waist, just above the belt. Dean doesn't have to guess what's in her pocket or behind the belt.

"Sure, no problem." Dean says quickly with another one of his professioned smile, nodding obediently.

Bobby asks behind him, "I'm not invited?"

Sheriff Mills gives him an unimpressed look, "Very funny, Bobby. No wheel marks, and the witness does say 'running' in this direction, not wheeling. No offense."

"None taken." Bobby deadpans, wheeling back inside as the rest of them walking outside.
