---
layout: post
title: 【童话镇】S04E23（关于爱情、被爱）（观后感）
date: 2023-02-21 23:35
categories: 观后感
characters: ["Killian Jones/Captain Hook"]
tags: ["观后感", "童话镇", "Captainswan", "情感", "爱情", "被爱", "孤独", "Queen", "英文", "BGM"]
pov: 第一、二人称
origin: 个站
---

《Whenever you meet me》

<br>

无论在哪个宇宙

在哪个平行世界

不管是哪个版本的我

无论那时的我

是善是恶

<br>

当再次遇见你时

我还是会

义无反顾地

重新爱上你

<br>

只要给我三分钟

我就已准备好

为你献出一切

无论是我的心

还是我的生命

<br>

See, I just did it, again. Saving your life.

Told you, I'm a survivor.

<br>

If I don't know you better, I'd say you're jealous.

I'm starting to get jealous of the other me.

I'm always jealous, of the universe where I can love you more than I am now.

<br>

You and I both know, I'm his type.

You never know how easy it is for me, to fall my eyes on you, and never able to move away again.

<br>

I love you, but I have never told you.

I call you love all the time, but I hope you know, I mean it.

You know what's the best thing about a pirate? We defend what is ours. For me, it's us.

<br>

是一些失心疯的胡言乱语。虎克啊，你这个家伙，最开始爱上你的时候，怎么想得到你会这样催人泪下。明明看起来只是一个四处沾花惹草的家伙，怎么到头来，就你爱得最深，最一发不可收拾。太让人心疼，让人充满保护欲，让人只想，好好地，love you back。可你爱得那样深，who can love you the way you love, who can give you more love than you are already giving out.

I imagine you, you know, when I want to feel I'm loved. Because you, only you, of all people, know how to love. But I also know, it won't be me that you love, you will only see one person in all the universe like that, with your eyes and the whole soul, Emma. How I wish I can be loved like that.

How I envy Emma's luck. Emma, even if not being the savior, not having the big happy family or Henry or anyone else she knows in that life, as long as she got you, as far as I can see, that's enough, that will be way more than enough for a person to live a happy life. And it's already too much love.

<br>

（BGM: 《Love of my life》 Queen）

I'm more alive a little too now, Hook, because of you. Or can I call you Killian? Always want to call you that, but I'm so afraid, it feels so intimate, maybe it's a name only for Emma to call.

I can almost imagine when I ask you "Can I call you Killian?" You would look at me, with smile in your eyes, like small sparkling stars, and you will say "Of course luv", with that little curve on your lips.

Oh your lips, how I want to kiss them. But Emma is the only person who has the privilege to taste them. It must be sweet, must be warm, must be soft and gentle, like the feel of your love itself, like touching your heart. But I can't even imagine it properly, because I never ever had anything like that in memory to help the imagination. I don't remember and I don't want to remember when is the last time I kissed anyone, in reality, not in imagination or dream, the memory hurts, with some maybe-good-but-I-already-forget good and way too much hurt and pain, for a while that is way too long, I even doubt if I still have the ability to love. When the wall is too high, when the sun and warmth are all blocked out, the pool where love used to stay just gets dried out, the roses are dying, the garden is bleak. For too long, I don't even remember what love or like feels like, not to anyone in the real life, not to anyone in the imaginary world, that's why even the writing stopped, because I can't write anything about two people loving each other while myself forget how love feels like. Maybe once or twice, I might feel something, some itchy desire at the edge and feet of the wall, like a sprout at the spring, tiny little green in the bleak garden, because of someone showing up in the life. Too small to be noticed, too weak to change anything from inside the wall, but it's green, and it changes the mood inside the wall, once or twice.

But you, you come, Hook, Killian, you just arrived in my life. You just showed up, even if it's just seeing you love someone else, seeing the way you love, my pool of love is filling up again. As if I'm stealing your love, but your love is so much, I'm sure you won't mind how I steal the light and warmth and color and tender feeling of your love. It's like your arrival just brings the whole spring into my heart. The pool is filling up, the sprouts are growing, the rose, though still only stems, I almost already can smell its fragrance (or maybe it's just my perfume but doesn't matter). I feel I have the enough source again (for a while, before it dries out again and before it finds new source again), to write about how one person loves another, to feel the life and experience the life again. I feel vivid again, thanks to you. Almost like some dying hidden self is brought back to life again, like miracle. So Killian, I'm pretty sure you have magic, just check out what just happened to me.

It feels so good to be able to love again. Love hard, cry hard, hurt hard, but feels so good, feels so... alive.

It must feel better to be loved, but that's a luxury I don't put my hope onto.
