---
layout: post
title: 【Obikin】To Name the Sky Blue（Chap.9）
date: 2025-10-15 01:04
categories: 星球大战
characters: ["Anakin Skywalker", "Obi-Wan Kenobi"]
tags: ["星球大战", "obikin", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 Obikin Reverse Bang
long_novels: 【Obikin】To Name the Sky Blue
---

This is the first time many of them have ever come above the Ground Level. The sky is a deep purple canopy, close to black, but different from what they used to see in the Lower Level -- it's real. All the buildings are as tall and straight as towers soaring toward the sky. Speeders and shuttles fly above their heads, busy across the city. Lights from the skyscrapers and moving vehicles are as bright as the stars, let alone all the blinding electrical screens and commercials playing in a loop. They have to blink to adjust the level of the lighting.

It's close to the broadcasting hour now. And soon it will be curfew. People must be hurrying home, if they have to guess. But the city must have already settled down compared to the daytime, but it's still so much busier and vibrant than the Lower Level ever is.

On the brighter side, it gives them perfect cover to move around.

Anakin has to remind the group to focus.

"Stop staring," he warns them, "we're not here for sightseeing, we have a job to do."

Amee closes her gaping mouth. And Wald has to really make an effort to tear his eyes away from the buildings. Kitster, however, is dedicated, moving toward the tallest, brightest building in the distance -- the Imperial Palace, without giving this life that doesn't belong to them a second look. Anakin rushes right next to him, not daring to waste any time.

They find a row of parked speeders at the foot of a restaurant, and Anakin "borrows" them. The group -- it's a dozen of them, all the fitting age, men and women -- splits into several vehicles to head toward the Palace.

The lighting and architecture of the Imperial Palace look more intimidating as they move closer. It towers above the ground, making the buildings around it look low and invisible. Its golden exterior must look more astounding under the daylight.

The Palace is more like a fortress than a palace, Anakin realizes. The name is a little misleading.

The regular rectangular shape of its base means every side would be equally difficult to approach, and, like Obi-Wan warned them, impossible to get close without being noticed by the patrols from any direction.

Anakin tries to figure out the location of the sewage outlet Obi-Wan drew him on that scratch.

"We need some distractions," he murmurs.

Wald jumps to volunteer. "On it."

"Careful," Anakin urges, before he moves away from the group.

The ground shakes when the explosion breaks out at the foot of the Palace. The emergency alarm rings out, and the troopers rush to the explosion point. But it's not a bomb, but an exploded painting can. The paint bursts from the explosion and splashes on the outer wall, marking the neat exterior with rainbow colors. The tiny black dot that must be Wald stands in the bare ground, shooting paint from his painting gun, writing a message on the wall that they can see even from where they hide -- Wald starts with the first stroke of the letter "F". The Imperial emergency security team and patrol team are circling around him, forming a closer ring by seconds.

"Now!" Anakin commands, and leads the team to charge toward the opposite side of the Palace that is now clear of the patrol.

They find the sewage outlet and climb in, moving through the draining pipe, shifting to the exhaust pipe once they reach the closest crossing point. The alarm from the outside is quieter now.

Each level of the Palace is guarded, with more droids and armed troopers patrolling along the otherwise quiet corridors.

"We have to split," Anakin whispers under his breath. The place is too big, and it's only a matter of time before someone from the inside realizes the break-in. "I don't know where the interrogation room is."

"But we know where the throne room is," Kitster says, also trying to keep his voice low, but his tone is sharp. "The very top. We should go straight there."

It only takes Anakin a heartbeat to make the decision. "You do that," he says. "The rest of you, follow Kitster. I know you've all been waiting for this moment. I'll come to you when I can."

They don't need to ask why.

"Be careful." Amee gives him a half-hug, as close as they can manage from the crawling posture in the tight pipe. There are unshed tears and unsaid farewells in her tones, but she manages to keep them down. Anakin pats her back.

"I'll see you in a minute," he promises.

The team nods simply, and Kitster leads the way upward.

Anakin shifts his attention to the endless, long corridors of each level and examines the patrols carefully. He extends his feelings out, feeling the fluster in the Force in this cold, metallic building, looking for anything warm and familiar.

It's a slow process, but the Force answers to him.

Obi-Wan is here, somewhere. He knows it, he can feel it. He just needs to get closer; he just needs to know where.

*Where are you, old man? Give me a signal. Do something, make this easier for me.* Anakin grits his teeth, forcing his mind's eyes to see farther, to sense more. He can sense the taste of ammunition and weaponry permeating the majority of the place; on some level, chemicals are stronger than others. He pauses at the level where he thinks he hears some heartbeats of living things. But they're too fast to be a human or any human-like species.

Anakin debates for a second if he should go to check it out, and save them, whatever they are, when a wave of Force moves grandly, as if a mountain crashes into the sea. Emotions pass through the Force a beat slower, and he senses a shock of pain. The thin thread of calling and pulling he felt earlier just tightens a degree harder, as if directly strapping around his heart, pulling him toward the source.

He's getting closer.

Anakin picks up his pace until he stops where he's sure the Force directs him to. He doesn't pay enough attention to the exact number of the level he moves, but it must be high. He wonders how close it is to the throne room, and how much time has passed. But he pushes the thought aside for now.

There are fewer droids in this level, but the troopers are more heavily armed. The rooms along the corridors are barred with heavy metals, controlled by electrical pads by the door.

Anakin's eyes linger on one of them, where the feeling is the strongest, where the Force is the strongest. His heart starts speeding up. Obi-Wan must be there.

The door slides open after he spends another minute hacking the electrical keypad, and slams shut behind him after he goes in. The chamber inside is dark and tiny, with a cylindrical shape in the middle, lit by beam rays, trapping a man. The figure has his back facing the door, the lights around his ankles and wrists are stronger than anywhere else, presumably the main sources that trapped him there. His head drops low, outside of the view from where Anakin stands, and his whole body looks slumped and tired. There are traces of blood on his back, too, but it might also be the trick of the light.

"Obi-Wan!" Anakin blurts out, dashing to the other side of the room, jaws tight. Relief of seeing him and misery of finding him like this crash onto him at the same time.

But he stuns the moment he winds to the front.

The hologram of Obi-Wan flickers twice like a TV with a bad signal, before it blinks into nothing. The confinement structure stands still with no one in the middle, and Anakin finds himself running right into a man in a dark cloak.

The man everyone in the Galaxy knows the name and resents, the man who always stands right by the Emperor's side, giving his counsel and doing his bidding -- The infamous Count Dooku.

"Look who we got here," Dooku takes a step toward him. A lightsaber buzzes into life, adding crimson light to the dim space.

"Count Dooku," Anakin grips the blast gun in his hand. Obi-Wan promised he would find him a lightsaber once he's ready, but they never got the chance. So now, the blast gun is his only weapon, apart from a handy blade. He could have picked a few more, but when they were preparing and packing, he left the rest of the guns to everyone else -- they might need them more than he does.

Aiming the gun at Dooku's heart, Anakin's hand shakes. He's never killed anyone before. Even as they discussed the plan, it always sounded like just a concept -- the real execution of an assassination, the part that involves death and blood, the part that takes a life by your hand, that's always left to think about when the time comes. And now, looks like the time has come. Anakin steadies his right hand with his left.

Dooku observes his every move closely, putting a feigned kindness on his face, "You must be the artist. Obi-Wan told me all about you, how you created the graffiti, what each pattern and color means, all those meetings in the hidden, shabby corners. That's quite clever, I have to admit."

Anakin's heart sinks. *No,* he tells himself. *Obi-Wan is not a traitor.*

Kitster's voice echoes in the back of his head. *Have you ever considered maybe he's betrayed us? Tipped us off and he's just waiting for us to rush into the traps right about now?*

"No!" Anakin bites out loudly, aiming the gun a little higher. Dooku doesn't even twist his eyebrows, barely glancing at his gun as if it's nothing more than a toy.

"Are you sure?" Dooku taunts. "How long have you known him? A week? Two weeks? He has been with us, training and living in this place since three years old."

Anakin grits his teeth so hard that he can hear his own jaw bones shifting and muscles tightening right next to his ears. "It doesn't matter. It's not about him. It's about you."

"Is that so?" Dooku tilts his head, as if regarding an interesting exotic collection. "Then why are you here? You sensed his existence, did you not?"

"What have you done to him?" Anakin blurts out before he can stop himself.

"I killed him, of course," Dooku says carelessly, as if he just squashed an insect. He nods at a lightsaber hilt on the side table next to the containment field.

Rage overwhelms Anakin so quickly that his vision turns blindingly bloody for a split second. He opens the shot.

Dooku tilts his body almost elegantly, letting the bullet fly past him. Using that blink of distraction, Anakin lunges to the table to grab Obi-Wan's lightsaber, and clicks it to life.

The blue fills the room along with the buzzing. Anakin holds it in the way Obi-Wan taught him.

Dooku checks out his stance and gives him an approving nod. "Obi-Wan taught you well," he grins, swaying his saber for attack. "Let's see how your fighting skills are."

Anakin meets the fight head-on. The two-hour training wasn't enough to prepare him with any real skills. He fights fully with his intuition.

He manages to block most of the attacks, and even takes the offense a handful of times. But that's about all that the intuition can help him -- barely keep him not being killed.

Dooku is a master at sword-fighting. He takes a step closer, and Anakin has to take a step back to keep himself out of harm's way. Yet still, his clothes and skin are cut more times than he can count. Blood drips across his cheeks, shoulders, arms, and back. His moves are getting slower and slower.

"Force is strong with you, kid." Dooku doesn't give him a moment to breathe, closing in quickly. Anakin jumps aside when he's forced to the wall; the next blow stabs right through the wall where his heart was. He has to duck and jump and dodge; it's probably more like a cat-like playing-with-food game than a real fight at this point. Dooku chases him around the room, draining his strength, taking his time, probably saving the killer blow to the best moment. Anakin knows he doesn't stand a chance to win. Like Obi-Wan said, like everyone said, he's not ready. And he hates that they seem to be right.

"Come join us," Dooku offers with a smile, as if it's a kindness. "We can use someone like you. We can train you properly."

"I'd rather die," Anakin spits, waving the saber in an outstretched position, predicting where the next strike will be.

"So be it," Dooku answers darkly, shifting the trajectory of his lightsaber suddenly, chopping down in the middle where Anakin's right arm extends.

A shrieking scream breaks out in the room as the blue lightsaber drops to the floor. The pitch is so high with pain that any glass might explode in vibration. Anakin holds his right arm to his chest, yelling in pain and agony. The pain is so sharp at the end of the wrist that his whole body shivers with shock. Blood gushes out of the missing end of the limb, losing so fast that he feels cold within seconds. Darkness with flashing stars threatens to take over the vision.

That's when the door bursts open from outside.

Anakin hears his name being called by the newcomer, but his brain seems to be too sluggish to process the new information to keep up now.

"Focus, Anakin, stay with me," the voice calls his name right in front of his face. A warm hand touches his cheek. "Anakin!"

"Obi-Wan?" Anakin answers tiredly, dully thinking if it's a vision his dying brain is trying to supply one last time. At least it's a nice face to look at.

Anakin tries to open his heavy eyelids, then his foggy brain takes a turn. "Traitor." His body tries to lean away.

The hand shaking him stills for a second, but it doesn't move away. A warm current moves from the palm that lands on his forearm and flows toward the pain that's screaming at the end of that limb where his right hand should be.

"Use the Force, Anakin. Focus," Obi-Wan murmurs.

The pain quiets down as the current wraps him like a cradle.

Anakin opens his eyes fully.

The man is kneeling before him, one hand holding his back, the other on his forearm. The blood has stopped. Obi-Wan's face is covered with cuts and bruises, but he still manages to look more concerned and hurt than worried for himself. Anakin wonders how much of that blood covering his clothes is his, and how much is Obi-Wan's own.

"You shouldn't come back, Obi-Wan. That's the most stupid thing I've ever seen," Dooku says behind them, grinning humorlessly. "Now you both will die."

"I just suddenly remember I missed something and have to pick it up," Obi-Wan says lightly, gently laying Anakin down and standing up. He holds out a hand toward his lightsaber, and it flies into his palm.

Dooku's attack has already resumed. The strikes are relentless. Obi-Wan limps in his steps, but he still manages to block most of them when he can't dodge in time. For the ones he missed, his thin clothes are soon completely soaked in blood from the cutting wounds.

He dodges by walking back step by step.

Dooku advances in his attack.

"More important than your own life?" His taunting doesn't stop either.

Obi-Wan smiles at that. "What can I say? A close friend reminded me lately, there is something worth dying for. And that's not the Empire."

He dances on the rim of the force containment field, swinging under the attack.

Dooku steps up to the rim to get a stronger attack strike.

"You picked the wrong side, Obi-Wan," Dooku says coldly.

"And you, dear Count, picked the wrong side to stand." Obi-Wan winks, throwing his lightsaber over Dooku's head.

Dooku barely has time to stop the missing hit and turn around, before Anakin appears to stand behind him, catches the flying lightsaber with his left hand, and stabs it through Dooku's right shoulder.

"A friend taught me this one," Anakin says grimly. "And believe me, I know how much it hurts."

Dooku falls backward, collapsing right into the containment beam. The force cuffs fly to his wrists and ankles, locking him in the floating position immediately. Obi-Wan hurries to the control panel to tune up the force field.

Dooku tries to struggle, but the energy bindings don't give way.

"Save it, Dooku, you know how good these are. You built them yourself, didn't you?" Obi-Wan picks up his red lightsaber and deactivates it. "It's over."

Dooku grumbles with low curses.

Anakin leans back over the control table, out of breath.

"We should go now," Obi-Wan reaches a hand to let Anakin borrow, but the boy doesn't take it. Obi-Wan turns to him, finding his sad eyes on him.

"You should go," Anakin says, more misery than fury, holding his right arm closer.

"What?" Obi-Wan doesn't understand.

"I'm useless now anyway. Can't paint anymore. But there's another thing I can do to this building, and you don't want to be in it." Anakin averts his eyes.

"If you're talking about that hand, we have ways to fix it. I already used the Force to stabilize it; I have some friend who can fix it." Obi-Wan says, then his tone turns stern. "Don't you dare talk about giving up now. I didn't come back to leave you behind."

"You came back for me?" Anakin asks blankly, almost unbelievably. "There I was, thinking I'm here to rescue you."

Obi-Wan almost chuckles. "Took me a while and some broken bones, --" his hands gesture vaguely at his legs and ribs, "-- but yes, I managed to get out. Just on my way to warn you there might be traitors among us, and then I saw your artwork on the wall out there. That's how I knew you must already be in here."

"The wall?" Anakin frowns for a second, then remembers. "Oh, that's Wald."

"It has your signature," Obi-Wan tells him with a faint smile. "Then I felt you -- that huge pain in the Force scared me so much, I was afraid I might be too late, but it also helped me locate you. Imagine my surprise to find you in my old chamber."

"Imagine *my* surprise to find you don't even need my rescue." Anakin retorts weakly.

"Don't be too disappointed, you can save me next time," Obi-Wan smiles, starting to move toward the door.

Anakin glances back at Dooku. "I want to kill him," he says bluntly, cuddling his handicapped arm. "For doing this to me. For everything he did to the people." He turns to Obi-Wan, silently asking for permission.

Obi-Wan meets his eyes, a pained frown between his eyebrows. "We are better than this," he tries, reaching out a hand, an invitation to leave the revenge and hatred behind. "If we do this, we will just be creating a world like they did, violent, dictatorial, built on the terror of one man, just changing the person in charge. He should go through trials and defenses, let people decide, and rot in the prison -- that's the right way."

Dooku laughs exaggeratedly. "Still an idealist, Obi-Wan. Let me tell you what will happen if I live and leave this room: Your little rebellion plan will end. The Empire returns to its old way with a few more bodies no one would miss."

Anakin clenches his teeth again, shifting his look between Dooku and Obi-Wan. Torn apart.

"Anakin," Obi-Wan calls him gently, pleading. "Please."

Anakin glares at Dooku one more time. "Okay," he says finally, taking the hand Obi-Wan offers.

They head out of the chamber.

<br>

Obi-Wan leads the way, introducing secret passageways and back doors where no patrol is in view. They lower their volume but do not stop talking.

"I knew these paths my whole life, and never have I thought about one day they'll be used for sneaking myself out," Obi-Wan exclaims.

"Wait, what?" Anakin stops his steps abruptly. "We're not retreating."

"Yes, we are." Obi-Wan meets his eyes. "You're in no condition to fight. We'd consider it lucky to get out alive."

"No! We see it through. We win, or we lose. I don't think we'll get another chance to hit again." Anakin raises his voice, but remembering they're still trying to be stealth, turns it into a rushed whisper. "And the rest of them are still here. I'm not the kind of person who sends my friends to their deaths and goes back home alone to live."

"Then I go, you stay somewhere safe." Obi-Wan urges.

"Why? You don't think I can fight with one hand?" Anakin challenges.

"I can't fight while I have to babysit!" Obi-Wan raises his voice.

"Then don't! I'm not a baby!" Anakin raises his voice even higher, forgetting where they are.

"Damn it, Anakin, why do you have to always make things so difficult?" Obi-Wan wipes his face with one hand in frustration. "Do you really not understand? I care about you! I don't want to lose you!"

The look in Anakin's eyes softens. "You won't, I promise."

Obi-Wan cracks a thin smile. "I will kill you personally if you break that promise."

Anakin nods slightly. "Deal. Let's go then. Together."

Obi-Wan looks at him intensely for a long moment before finally nodding and turning to a different corridor.

He picks up the topic to fill the moment of silence between them after a short while. "Speaking of, who comes with you? I'm worried someone you trusted might mean you harm."

"No, I trust all of them," Anakin answers quickly. "No one would."

Obi-Wan sighs. "That's why they're called traitors. It wouldn't be a betrayal if you didn't trust them. Think, Anakin, anyone can be."

"Like you?" Anakin asks with a straight face.

Obi-Wan stills again, watches his face carefully. "I swear it's not me. But I guess everyone would say that."

"I know," Anakin answers easily. "But I have to admit, for a second when Dooku said he knew about the decoding message, I really considered it might be you."

"How do you know it's not?"

"The same way I know I can trust everyone else, I can feel it. And I've never been more sure when the Force flew into me when you were stabilizing my hand. It's all in the Force. And also, the answer is actually quite obvious, once you figure it out."

Obi-Wan frowns. "Enlighten me."

"That's why you need me." Anakin curves his lips smirkingly. "You see, Dooku only knows 'I'm the artist', but not my name; he knows the decoding message, but not the actual meeting content. All his information comes from visual, but not vocal. And those are the exact photos you have in your datapad, I bet they hacked and started monitoring it long before you knew."

Obi-Wan stares at him in disbelief. "I should know." He takes out his datapad and is ready to throw it away, but Anakin stops him.

"No, wait, maybe we can use that." Anakin takes over the datapad and starts typing single-handedly.

Obi-Wan glances at him. "What are you doing?"

"Reverse-hacking them," Anakin looks up with excitement in his eyes. "I just have an idea. We might not have to *fight* them to win. How long do we have until the daily broadcasting?"
