---
layout: post
title: 【Obikin】To Name the Sky Blue（Chap.3）
date: 2025-07-25 05:48
categories: 星球大战
characters: ["Anakin Skywalker", "Obi-Wan Kenobi"]
tags: ["星球大战", "obikin", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 Obikin Reverse Bang
long_novels: 【Obikin】To Name the Sky Blue
---

Obi-Wan ends up not sending the images of the graffiti to the Jedi library for analysis. He chooses to sit down before the painted walls, and starts studying them on his own. He can't explain why he's doing all that.

He doesn't even go back to the Upper Level for his daily check-in reports. Merely sending in messages to say he's in the undercover task, he'll be in touch when convenient.

The Emperor seems pleased that he's been spending all his time down here, but he suspects Count Dooku might not be so patient, from the replies he received. He doesn't have much time -- either to figure out what's happening in the Lower Level and fix the situation by himself, or probably have to watch someone else come down here fixing it for him, which includes fixing *him*.

Obi-Wan takes a long breath, pulling his thoughts back to the graffiti arts. He thinks he's getting closer.

The art is very expressive and artistic, to say the least. But now he's also fairly certain they're also equally informational. The Emperor's suspicion of it being a sign of rebellion's existence might not be entirely unreasonable.

There are certain color and word combinations that've been repeatedly spotted from different parts of the streets, followed closely by a different set of colors and unrecognizable characters, usually in green and blue. And if the leading combination is in red and has a skeleton or skull somewhere around, no matter how small they are, then no more mysterious characters.

Obi-Wan thinks he's starting to get the whole language system in the art, if only he can find a decoder ring to fill in the remaining gap.

And the opportunity presents itself quicker than he knows. Like a blessing that his prayer is answered.

<br>

On the third day after he learns Anakin's name, he runs into the boy again. And this time, he catches him right on the crime scene.

Obi-Wan is examining a back alley where a new set of paintings has been freshly added. Judging by the undried paint, he'd guess whoever did this -- even if he knows it must be Anakin, he's still leaving the space for reasonable doubt -- they can't be far. Those new graffiti are at most two hours old, the tail of the stroke is rushed in smudged blue.

He follows the only way that alley leads, and sees Anakin busy working on a new pattern just a block away. He holds a spray can, and the paint lands on the wall with a curve.

Obi-Wan dashes toward him quietly, but Anakin already senses his approach like a cat hearing a human's footsteps.

The boy seems surprised to see him there, but as soon as his eyes land on Obi-Wan, there is a small mischievous twitch on his lips. From a distance, Obi-Wan can't tell if it's a smirk or a panicked gasp. The kid doesn't bother collecting the cans at the foot of the wall, just turns to the tail of the alley and runs.

Obi-Wan picks up his pace to follow him closely.

But the Lower Level, if nothing else, is *the* most perfect place for hide-and-seek. And Anakin has clearly spent enough time here to know all the small turns and hideouts and hidden doors, and he's certainly not hesitant to utilize that knowledge. He slips through them nimbly like a rabbit in the field.

Within five minutes, Obi-Wan finds himself in the middle of a residential area, surrounded by houses with closed windows and doors. Anakin could have been hidden in any one of them, or he might have already escaped to the other end of this Level, maybe even to a different Level, if he wanted. Obi-Wan would have to knock on every door to be sure, and if that comes out with empty hands, he might as well dig the whole Level's ground to be able to find him again.

Obi-Wan goes back the way he came.

Even those scattered cans at the foot of the wall have been taken. Anakin must have come back when he manages to get rid of Obi-Wan's trail. The boy is good, Obi-Wan has to give him that.

He studies the new graffiti instead. The pattern that he remembers seeing blue is now covered by a red skeleton. A strong stroke of purple mixed with some dark yellow crosses out something that was probably green down there, and the letters of the unknown language are now completely indistinct.

Looks exactly like a warning notice and something like an evacuation order that cancelled a previously scheduled assembly because something dangerous has happened. *OH --* Obi-Wan realizes suddenly. Something dangerous, like a Jedi, has been in sight. *Him.*

They have a communication system to warn about his route -- that must be why it's been so difficult to even spot a foot track of Anakin. Or anyone else he might be working with. And if they have been going through all this trouble just to hide something from him, then there must be something utterly serious that needs ultimate secrecy. Something bigger than just some graffiti art.

The Emperor's suspicion of a rebel force might just be on the right track.

If only he could be sure.

Obi-Wan glances down at the ground, looking for more leads.

And there, on the ground, among dirty paper tissues stained with sprays, cigarette butts, and other trash, are scattered, torn scraps of paper. Looks exactly like and is easily mistaken as just a normal piece of random trash, but the same kind of disturbance when he senses around Anakin also surrounds them, as if they're calling for him.

Obi-Wan spends about an hour picking up every small piece of the scraps he can find and putting them back together. The tears are random and careless, making it probably the worst puzzle game in the world, but not impossible to recover. Not for him, at least.

And lucky for him, the words on the paper are not ruined by the tears. What he finds on there, however, makes his eyes widen.

In scratchy and barely legible writing, it's the exact translation guidance he wishes to find, about the meanings of the symbols on the wall.

Not all of them, it seems, when he cross-compares the symbols in front of him with the patterns on the paper. And there are still gaps in the paper where the scrapes must have been blown away by the wind. But enough to make sense and understand the crucial message.

The red skeleton and skull are a warning sign, just as he concluded. The combination of purple and that certain dark yellow snaky pattern means "drop everything and run." That greenish blue means safe, and there is a specific symbol for each of about a dozen locations and each hour of the day. With a certain combination, one can know exactly when and where -- for the next meeting, undoubtedly.

"You really think tearing it up would be enough to hide from a Jedi, Anakin? You shouldn't underestimate me," Obi-Wan murmurs to the paper, feeling it's a little too easy. He wonders if it's because this time he was already too close to catching him, and the boy had to run in a flustered escape.

He takes out his personal datapad to take a photo of the pieced-together paper, and ignites the original with his lightsaber. Obi-Wan only thinks back on why he did it until all the paper pieces became burned, black ashes. And he doesn't have a good answer. *Just for safety.* He tells himself. But even he knows it sounds a little lame.

He decidedly steers his mind away and starts looking for their next assembly plan.

He does not report this latest breakthrough finding, either. He tells himself he'd report once he's found something more solid. He doesn't have enough proof yet.

The only proof that turned into ashes flies in the air when a breeze comes by. They're scattered farther, and then gone without a trace.

<br>

Their next assembly will be in the basement of a deserted factory, three hours before the curfew on a Taungsday afternoon.

Obi-Wan finds the latest piece of graffiti with the announcement another two days later, and thanks to the decoder sheet, he reads it like looking into words written in plain common language. And with bright colors and powerful strokes, the art is practically shouting "Freedom" and "Rebel" at his face, along with some really strong words regarding the Empire. If the Upper Level ever finds out the true meaning of these arts, anyone involved would get electrocuted. No question asked.

Obi-Wan frowned at them when he saw them, eyebrows deeply furrowed. He can't feel more glad that, at least among everyone from security and guarding forces, *he* is the one tasked with this and finding out what they're plotting. He can't imagine what kind of massacre it would turn into, if Count Dooku ever comes down here and finds what he found. It gives him a shiver when he imagines the colorful walls are splattered with dark bloody red.

The back door of that deserted factory is loosely opened with a slit when he arrives, an hour before the assembly starts. He sneaks in easily without a sound. The rusty door looks as if it's going to moan when he passes it, but he wills it to be quiet, and god-blessingly it complies.

The place is dim and shabby, much like all the constructions in this Level nowadays. But in the middle of the ground, there is a big enough opening for people to gather. Perhaps to have some treacherous discussions, if he has to guess, maybe even some bold movement against the Empire -- for which he can snuff out the bud of a rebellion against the Empire now that he's here. Obi-Wan figures, hiding behind a corner behind a broken column, waiting patiently for the assembly to start.

An hour passes.

And then the second hour.

The space is getting darker as it comes closer to nighttime. The only light comes in through a dirty window high on the wall, near the edge of the ceiling.

Only when Obi-Wan starts doubting if he's really translating those patterns correctly, or the sheet is lying, people start walking in.

But instead of hearing a radical, reactionary, bolshy assembly as he expected, those people start talking about the tough lives civilians were living nowadays under the Empire's military control, the suffocating atmosphere that stifles any creative expressions, the assistance each one of them can provide for one another, and most of all, how they can make people's lives better.

They are kind, and friendly, and calm. Only when they talk about their neighbors' starving kids or sick elderly do they sound emotional, sobbing quietly in unshed tears.

Obi-Wan swallows hard as he listens.

*These are just people.* He thinks, astonished and uncharacteristically upset, behind the column, in the shadow he hides, just like the shadow those people are used to living in. These are just ordinary people trying so hard to have a life, and the Empire is squeezing their living space, suffocating them mentally and physically.

He doesn't realize since when he has started clenching his fist or biting on his teeth, or what's that for. He forces his fists and jaws to relax, and continues listening. He's still a Jedi for this galaxy, after all. Surely maintaining a peaceful galaxy is more important than one poor kid or one old man. His job tonight is still to follow the order and arrest the dangerous rebel forces, led by none other than the familiar one who has a young voice and a familiar slender figure.

Obi-Wan stares at the boy -- a young man actually, he looks more like a leader now, standing before the group, soothing them with soft voice, giving them instructions of how to fix some of the difficulties -- how to fix a tool that's broken, who to ask for medical advices, what to do to release a pain, what they're short of and where they might find, and many more. Anakin is still in his art-smudged hooded jacket, but the whole vibe radiating from him seems so different -- less of a dreamy naughty artist, but a responsible leader who actually cares about people, helps people. Except, undoubtedly, evidently, he *is* a rebellion force now, from the Empire's perspective, gathering secret assemblies, encouraging the complaints toward the Empire, disassembling the hard-earned peace the Empire is trying to maintain. There is no defense for that.

Obi-Wan takes a candid photo from his hidden position, bites his lips, and goes back to continue staring at the scene. *Does he really have to take him in? But he doesn't seem to have a choice, does he? The order is quite clear, so is the consequence.*

He remembers Count Dooku's figure, swaying before his eyes like a shadow, with a quiet but menacing tone: "If you fail, *I* will go to the Lower Level myself. Do you understand?"

His hands are clenched into fists with white knuckles again.

He's so focused on his thoughts now that he almost doesn't realize when the conversation and the assembly have stopped. People's talking voices die down like waning sea waves, but they're oddly not leaving yet.

Obi-Wan wonders what their next move is going to be, when the young voice echoes in the space, loud and clear: "How long are you planning on hiding there, Jedi Master Kenobi?"
