---
layout: post
title: 【Obikin】To Name the Sky Blue（Chap.6）
date: 2025-10-13 03:14
categories: 星球大战
characters: ["Anakin Skywalker", "Obi-Wan Kenobi"]
tags: ["星球大战", "obikin", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 Obikin Reverse Bang
long_novels: 【Obikin】To Name the Sky Blue
---

They pack the unfinished food, and Anakin drops it by a house. He insists Obi-Wan wait outside, so the Jedi doesn't push.

The boy gets out of the place in a good mood.

"How's the family?" Obi-Wan asks, knowingly.

Anakin doesn't ask how he knows. "A lot better," he answers, "and now also full. I told them it's from a friend."

Obi-Wan brightens up. "Am I a friend now?"

"Don't get too excited," Anakin says, hiding a small grin.

He starts heading to the other end of the town.

Obi-Wan follows. "Where are we going?"

"Working." The boy looks up at the ceiling of the Level, checking the brightness of the artificial light, presumably checking the time. "Unlike *somebody*, people here still need to do something useful."

"I'm working, too," Obi-Wan protests.

"Yes, by following me around. Lucky you," Anakin comments sarcastically.

"Believe me, it's not easy." Obi-Wan rebuts.

Anakin hums noncommittally.

They wind through a back alleyway where the constant patrolling droids and troopers are out of sight almost all the time. And then go through an underground deserted pipe system where half the time they have to climb through the pipe on all fours, which eventually come out leading to the far inland of the Level.

Obi-Wan is pretty confident none of the people on the Upper Level would ever find out this passageway for a million years.

Anakin stops at the tail of a previous graffiti, and starts unpacking his bag to grab the cans.

Only now does Obi-Wan catch up to what he's been talking about when he said "working."

"Leaving another message?" he probes.

"For tonight," Anakin checks the time again. "I should have left it sooner; it's your fault. Hope people would still come in."

"What's the message?"

"Same time, five o'clock, at the old shelter."

"What's wrong with that deserted factory I got caught out last time?"

"We can't always use the same place, can we? In case you guys find out."

"Can I paint it this time?" Obi-Wan asks, tentatively.

"What?" Anakin is surprised.

Obi-Wan says it again, "I only see you do it. I thought it must be fun."

He almost expects the boy to say no, but surprisingly, he just passes the can of cyan-colored paint over. "Why not? You know the code, you know the pattern. Just put it somewhere here. Make it bigger, so it's easier to see from a distance." Anakin points at a patch of bare wall. The wall surface is uneven, with grey falling-offs of the old paint and all kinds of sags and crests from a lack of maintenance.

Anakin takes a step back to let him work.

The paint can is metallic cold under his palm. And in his first try, Obi-Wan realizes it's actually not as easy as it seems to be, to both hold down the press and control its trail at the same time. And no matter how hard he tries, he can't seem to draw a circle in the places he wants.

He holds out the can, chuckling awkwardly. "Okay, I give up, I'm no artist, you are. Don't mind my dabbles. Think you can find a way to fix that?"

He doesn't expect a hand to reach from behind to hold him, and leads him to aim at the right angle. The fingers are thin and a size smaller than his, but no less forceful. There is almost an electricity in the place where their skin touches. Obi-Wan inhales sharply in surprise.

"You're almost there," Anakin says, his voice coming close to Obi-Wan's ear, his breath blowing a loose bit of his hair.

Anakin's finger presses on the nozzle and leads his hand and arm to swing in a wide and bold curve. The spray comes out in a steady, elegant circle.

"There, see, you did it." The hand leaves just as quickly as it comes.

When Obi-Wan turns his head, the boy still stands about a foot away, holding his arms across his chest, as if nothing has happened, as if it all just happened in his head.

Obi-Wan checks him for a long second and looks at the graffiti again. Yes, it certainly just happened.

He struggles for something to say, then finally comes up with a simple "Thank you."

"Don't sound like I just saved your life or something," Anakin answers quickly, goes ahead to scrummage his bag, and finds the other colors they'll need. "Though, at this speed, we probably can't finish the thing before the meeting's start time."

Obi-Wan hands the can back and takes a step to the side, making a gesture to vacate the stage for the artist to start performing.

And he realizes, it is one thing to appreciate the art on the wall, and entirely another thing to watch it being created.

The colors are never just one layer of color, as they seem to be. Anakin switches the cans frequently, and layers the colors just so perfectly timed, so that the dryness of each layer is also timed exactly, to allow the paint to mix when they're the right amount of moisture. And as it turns out, the boy is also quite talkative as he works. He talks through the meaning of each symbol, how they come up with the system, the color and design.

Obi-Wan falls completely silent, just watching the art grow like a fast-forwarded hologram video of a flower growing from a seed, and the boy twists and turns his wrist to paint at the exact accurate places like he's born to do this. Watching him work is an art of its own.

It is as much of an art as a science and a workout. Sweat slowly gathers around Anakin's thin muscle.

Obi-Wan bites his lower lip, training his gaze to move back to the wall.

Anakin announces it is finished after a while, as he caps the cans. The pattern with the information looks similar to the other times, except for a little adjustment to note a different location. The full art, however, it's entirely something new. It's the night sky and the dark space with millions of shining stars and planets. But not quite like what they really look like in deep space, it's the image that only exists in Anakin's head. The planets are vibrant, lively, spinning, taking the patches of space on the wall next to them rotate with it. The colors are intertwining together, one star is a mixture of blue and green, emitting a woodsy feeling; another is burning red and orange, looking like the Mustafar system from Obi-Wan's knowledge; there's also one that's darker with rings, one shinier and looking all watery...

Anakin regards his own work, saying quietly, "One day, I want to visit all these stars."

Obi-Wan is stunned at the art, completely wordless. Anakin seems to be amused by his reaction.

"Come on, tell me they're all wrong and stars don't really look like that," he says.

"No, they're not." Obi-Wan struggles to find his voice. Anakin's smile drops slightly. "They can't compare with this. They're not as astounding as what's in your vision. You really are a..." he can't find a word there.

"Genius?" Anakin supplies jokingly.

Obi-Wan considers, "For lack of a better word, certainly."

"You make me blush, old man." Anakin punches him on the shoulder. His handful of paint leaves a handprint on his shoulder.

Obi-Wan is snapped out of the stun. "Hey, I'm not that old," he protests, looking down at the handprint on the white jacket. "And don't blame me for ruining your jacket, you did it yourself."

The brat pointedly ignores the first refutation and only answers the second. "You can keep it. It's a gift."

"For lunch?"

"For everything."

Obi-Wan doesn't complain after that.

<br>

They are the first two arriving at the old shelter place where they'll have the gathering later.

The place is smaller than the old factory.

"If you lured me here the first time, I'd have nowhere to hide," Obi-Wan observes.

"Then what's the fun?" Anakin remarks.

"So you *are* on purpose!" Obi-Wan accuses.

Anakin shrugs. "Thought you should have figured that out the first time."

Obi-Wan sighs. "You know, with your brain, it's a loss we didn't have you back when we were fighting the Clone War. We might win it a few years earlier."

"I must have lost my invitation letter by a few years," Anakin answers nonchalantly.

"Or by two decades," Obi-Wan replies.

"What's that supposed to mean?"

Obi-Wan hesitates.

"Obi-Wan?" Anakin turns to him fully now, alerted. "What do you mean?"

Obi-Wan bites his lips before answering, "The Force is strong with you. If we knew about you twenty years ago, you'd be trained as a Jedi."

"The Force?"

"It's what gives a Jedi his power. It's an energy field created by all living things. It's everywhere. It's what binds the universe together. If you know how to sense it and harness it, it can do a lot of things."

"Like what?"

"You probably heard of Jedi mind tricks, there's also combat skills, moving things around, even healing. If only we still had the old midi-chlorian testing device, I could have a reading on you to be sure. But the Emperor has destroyed every last one of them, saying it's illegal to test or train any new Jedi." Obi-Wan sighs heavily.

Anakin considers. "How do you know it's strong with me?"

"I don't know how to explain it, but I can just, *feel* it in you. It's what led me to notice you for the first time, and all the other times." Obi-Wan admits.

The light in Anakin's eyes dims. "Is that why you're so interested in me? Because I have some sort of psychic ability I don't know in me? And you just want to, what, make me like one of you? Be like one of those pathetic Emperor's henchmen? Like what you used to be? Scratch that, like you still are! No, thank you! I must see it wrong with you!" He snaps furiously and turns his back on Obi-Wan.

"No! Of course not!" Obi-Wan says urgently, putting a hand on the boy's shoulder to steer him back to face him. "Listen to me, it's not that you're special *because* you have Force, it's that you're special *and* you have Force. You said you have good intuition, and I call it the exact showing of the Force. Trust your intuition again then, am I lying to you? Am I trying to mean you any harm or exploit you in any way? You know you can feel it, then just use it, feel *me*."

Anakin glares at him in silent fury for a long, stretched moment. Obi-Wan's heart pounds heavily in his chest.

Then the boy closes his eyes and holds out a hand. His palm hovers before Obi-Wan but does not touch.

Obi-Wan closes his eyes, too. In his mind's eyes, he sees lights and stars scattering in the space before him, flying around like the glowworms of the summer night in the woods of Naboo. He focuses on the lights and thinks, *Anakin, is that you? See me, meet me in the Force. Focus, Anakin.*

The little spots of light start gathering. Their movements are still too turbulent to form a shape.

Obi-Wan deliberately slows down his breathing, counting his heartbeat before each inhale and exhale. *Breathe, Anakin. Just breathe. Breathe in, and breathe out slowly. You're talented. Just learn how to use it. You'll be the best among all of us.*

The sparks start settling down. If their movement has a sound, it must be quieting down from a thunderous roar to the sound of waves patting on the white sand -- still powerful, but so much quieter. Like the breathing of a massive, dominant creature.

*You're almost there, Anakin.*

The shape forms into the boy in the dark space.

The boy opens his eyes. Light shines dazzlingly bright around him like he's a deity from the fairy tales.

*Anakin.* Obi-Wan calls to him through the Force. Joy and pride fill his heart so full that he thinks he might be floating.

*Obi-Wan?* The light shifts slightly as the sound comes through, the shape breaks as his attention sways, but just a short moment later, Anakin keeps himself in focus again.

*You did it.* Obi-Wan praises him generously. *I've never seen anyone master it faster than you do.*

It's then that Obi-Wan feels the palm touch his chest, physically and mentally, pressing right over his heart. His heartbeat picks up temporarily just from the touch, his mind's eyes blur for a second when he's distracted. But Obi-Wan demands his attention back, to the sensation itself, to the existence itself, to the world and life itself.

The skin on the boy's hand is colder than his, leaving a chilly sensation seeping through the ribcage, deeper inside. The light sparks in the spiritual realm, however, are so much more heated, so much more electrical. Anakin's light reaches out to Obi-Wan, mingles with the light that was his own but now disturbed. For a time, they can't tell apart whose is whose, it's as if their mind are also melting as one, resonating like the same tune.

Anakin is searching his memory and thought, Obi-Wan realizes. It's similar to the Jedi mind trick, inserting a thought into a weak-minded, but this is so much more intense. When he invites Anakin to try it, he doesn't really think the boy is able to have a grasp of it on the first try. He certainly underestimated his talent and power.

Anakin scrummages his thoughts like searching for a book in a library. There is no privacy here, but luckily, Obi-Wan considers himself an open book to read. He already admitted all the worst things he's done -- he witnessed his master's death, he murdered a Sith, his doubts, his hesitations -- he's been completely frank with Anakin all these times, so, yes, Anakin can poke all he wants and he'll find exactly what he's told.

Obi-Wan counts his breath and his heartbeat, going back to a calm meditating state, waiting for Anakin to finish.

The touch leaves him, so is the light in the spiritual realm.

Anakin staggers two steps back, pressing his palm over his heart. He breathes heavily.

Obi-Wan intuitively takes a step toward him, wanting to steady him. "Are you alright, Anakin? Is it too much?"

Anakin takes another quick step back, leaning away from him. Obi-Wan stills in his place, letting the hold-out hands fall back next to him.

When Anakin meets his eyes again, the look in those eyes is strange to him. Curious, unbelievable, wondrous, odd. Obi-Wan can't help wondering what Anakin has seen in those barest, frankest moments.

"So?" Obi-Wan waits for a long moment before he has to pick up the conversation again. "How do you feel? What did you find?"

Anakin puts his hand back down his side. He swallows. "You didn't lie to me," he says, in a tone that sounds like he's trying really hard to put himself together. "And you didn't try to make me like one of you. You only really just wish to teach me, how to master it, to be a better me, I guess."

Obi-Wan smiles faintly. "If you let me."

"Okay, then." Anakin nods quietly.

<br>

When people start coming in, they are right in the middle of a round of sword fighting and training.

Obi-Wan taught him how to properly hold the stick -- of course they'd start with sticks -- how to adjust his stance for both attacking and defending, how to move to dodge, how to duck, how to attack. Anakin is absolutely the fastest learner he's ever seen.

And right now, they're going through a mock match.

"Don't hold back when you try to hit me," Anakin says.

"Are you sure?" Even with his talent and his level of Force, there is no way he can beat Obi-Wan after two hours of training, is he? Obi-Wan sincerely considers if it counts as child abuse -- okay, he's already a grown man, but he's still like a kid in his eyes.

But he can see the boy is determined. "Don't regret it," he warns him, and then the fight starts getting brutal.

Anakin is nimble and creative; he moves fast and unconventionally; there is practically no way of predicting where his next blow is. Even Obi-Wan has to pull up all his attention to make his defense impermeable. He manages to keep the blow and attacks at six inches' range. Whatever Anakin tries, he can't even get any closer to him. The boy is visibly getting impatient, and his moves are reckless and careless.

"You'll lose if you keep doing that." Obi-Wan finds a gap in his move and swings the wooden stick at him. It hits the boy at the waist.

"This is how you got cut in half," Obi-Wan comments, retracting his stick, dancing around to enlarge their distance, giving both of them a moment to breathe.

"Is this how you kill that Sith Lord?" Anakin stares at him with wolf-like eyes. He looks like a predator locking his eyes on his prey. His eyes are sharp and almost murderous. The bare sharpness and coldness in them make Obi-Wan shiver in uneasiness. It's the brutal dark side that he hasn't seen, or he'd noticed but rather not see.

"It is," Obi-Wan answers plainly. A sharp blow of wind comes straight to his face at the split second of his distraction because of the conversation. Obi-Wan has to jump back in a large startled jump to prevent that stick from striking through his skull.

He doesn't land in the most elegant stance.

"Are you trying to kill me, Anakin?" Obi-Wan snaps, steadying himself.

"I thought you were more difficult to kill," Anakin answers, grinning with teeth, enjoying himself too much.

Obi-Wan rolls his eyes. "Why do I have the feeling you'll be the death of me?"

Anakin swipes his stick again toward Obi-Wan from the side, "Are you going to talk me to lose or actually try to hit me?"

This time, Obi-Wan is prepared, knowing full well the conversation is becoming part of the distraction strategy, he blocks it before it even reaches his arm's range.

"You can't use the same trick twice; it would look old," Obi-Wan comments. "They'll see it coming."

"Or maybe they'll *think* they can see it coming --" Anakin pauses at half-sentence, circling to his back.

Obi-Wan waits for the rest of the sentence to come, but instead, it's a fist that falls on his back. He staggers forward for a step. The crowd cheers.

"That's cheating!" Obi-Wan complains loudly, turning sharply and poking the stick forward at the same time.

Expecting it to land nowhere but instead, it stabs right onto a body, the counterforce even surprises Obi-Wan. He hears a loud gasp before realizing what must have happened. He lets go of the stick immediately.

Anakin covers his shoulder with one hand where the stick sank in, blood dripping between his fingers.

"Oh God," one of the surrounding people gasps again. More rush toward him to help his swaying feet to stand still.

"No, no, no, I'm sorry!" Obi-Wan hurriedly moves toward him.

Someone blocks him with spread arms, snapping at his face. "I think you've done enough! What are you still here for?!"

"Kitster," Anakin's voice passes through the crowd tiredly. "Take it easy. He doesn't mean it. I told him to hit me with everything."

Kitster glares at Obi-Wan menacingly one more moment before stepping aside.

Anakin has sat down now, and the people around him are trying to figure out how deep the stick has pierced through his shoulder, and how bad the damage is. He looks up and tries to pull a tired smile when Obi-Wan gets to him. More sweat gathers on his forehead as he tries to grit his teeth at the pain.

"I can fix it," Obi-Wan offers. The crowd stares at him in distrust. "Remember I told you the Force can heal, too? It's also true. But fair warning, I'm not the best in my healing class."

Anakin nods small, teeth clenched too tight to speak. He slowly removes his bloody hand from the wound.

The stick is just a random thing they improvised to find in the place. The end that stabbed into him is surprisingly sharp, but on the brighter side, the tearing wound is confined.

Obi-Wan keeps one hand on his shoulder, another on the sticking-out part. "On the count of three," he tells him. Anakin nods again.

"One --" he pulls the stick out already, quickly covering the opening wound with his hand, and closes his eyes to focus on the Force. It's not easy. With everything that just happened, with the warm, wet, sticky blood gurgling under his palm, with the rusty iron smell permeating in the air, the pressure from the eyes of everyone in the room, and the knowledge and pressure that if he can't do this, Anakin might be hurt really bad, it's almost impossible to concentrate on the Force around him.

That's when he feels a hand loosely fall around his wrist, and a whisper saying his name: "I believe you, Obi-Wan."

His own heartbeat steadies at the voice. He channels the Force around them onto the wounded structure. *The Force is every living cell, every life, everywhere.* He reminds himself, reciting it like a spell, willing his mind's eyes to see the cells that were broken, and see the Force flowing in and out of them.

He guides the Force through them and fixes them.

When Obi-Wan opens his eyes again, the skin under his palm has knitted together like new.

Anakin exercises that side of his shoulder, swinging it like nothing has happened. "Wow," he says, admiring tone, "you need to teach me that too."

"I'm trying not to have to use it too much," Obi-Wan says with a bitter smile.

"But I bet you wanted to do that since the first day we met, didn't you?" Anakin says deliberately. "That's revenge, I'm sure of it."

"Didn't you just try to do exactly that, too?" Obi-Wan wrings a hand to his back, rubbing the place where Anakin's fist has landed heavily. He's sure there will be a bruise sooner or later. But he doesn't bother spending more effort to heal himself. He can use a little reminder of their little fighting game for a while longer.

"Call it even then," Anakin says cheerfully, pulling himself up from the chair, walking toward the front of the crowd.

They still have a full, long, routine meeting to have, and all those people to help. Anakin falls back into that rare leader role that Obi-Wan hasn't gotten used to seeing. He goes ahead to discuss all the issues people bring and need help with, and most importantly, to discuss a "Plan." Obi-Wan just listens quietly at the outer rim of the crowd.

"We have information that we must act quickly and strike hard; time is running out." Anakin paces slightly at the front of the room. "I think we will have to change our strategy. We don't have enough time to strike small and build up our force slowly."

"Where is the information from? Is it reliable?" Kitster raises his hand.

"Yes," Anakin answers, casting a look at the end of the crowd, meeting Obi-Wan's eyes. "I trust him. And if you trust me, you'll trust him, too."

Kitster slowly puts his hand down, unconvinced, but doesn't question.

"We *must* strike the main target on the first go, and we *must* get what we want. We can't afford to fail," Anakin says in a determined tone.

Obi-Wan wonders what exactly that "main target" and "what they want" are.

"Luckily, we have all the inside information we'll ever need." Anakin raises his voice.

Obi-Wan realizes all the eyes land on him now. He walks toward Anakin through the passageway among people that they vacated out for him.

"Now, tell us all the ways in and out of the Imperial Palace, and where to find the Emperor?"

<br>

Anakin stares into his eyes, demanding.

Obi-Wan glares back at him. "This is madness!" he exclaims, taking a large step back, putting an extra foot's distance between him and the reckless boy. "So what, you're just going to march into the Palace and go straight to see the Emperor? Forget about how *impossible* this is, how is that even going to help with anything?"

"We'll negotiate with him," Anakin answers calmly.

"*Negotiate*," Obi-Wan parrots coldly, huffing a loud humorless laugh. He rubs his temple exhaustedly. "Do you have any idea how idiotically innocent and politically ignorant that is? He's the Emperor! For someone like him, he's not going to *negotiate* with you if you don't have any bargaining chips. What do you have? Tell me, what do we have?"

"You let us worry about that," Anakin does not flinch under his incredulous eyes.

Their staring match continues adding tension to the air. It's practically buzzing with electricity and sparks now.

"Do you have any backup plan if *negotiation* fails?"

"Yes. We call it aggressive negotiation."

Obi-Wan blinks. "Assassination? That's what's in your mind?" He breaks the gaze to scan around them, meeting eyes with the same desperate, determined looks. "In all of your minds? Holy, you really are a terrorist group."

Anakin's eyes narrow. "Now, are you with me, or against me?"

"I can't," Obi-Wan says, slowly, painfully.

"Can't or won't?" Anakin demands.

"I won't! Alright? It's impossible. I won't help you suicide!" He turns away, walking fast toward the exit.

"What's the difference? We're already dying a little every day. You're still just letting us die, just slower!" Anakin raises his voice behind him.

Obi-Wan doesn't slow his steps.

"We shouldn't let him go, he will report us in." Kitster's voice stands out in the crowd's sudden rising murmur.

"He just needs some time." Obi-Wan hears Anakin answer.
