---
layout: post
title: 【Obikin】To Name the Sky Blue（Chap.4）
date: 2025-10-12 17:34
categories: 星球大战
characters: ["Anakin Skywalker", "Obi-Wan Kenobi"]
tags: ["星球大战", "obikin", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 Obikin Reverse Bang
long_novels: 【Obikin】To Name the Sky Blue
---

The voice snaps Obi-Wan out of his thought. A flashlight flares at the corner where he's hiding, blinding him for a temporary second.

Obi-Wan has no option but to come out of the tall, narrow maintenance platform, being in the center of the light and people's gaze. Now he knows full aware of the expression: "Like a deer in the spotlight." But he's not intimidated by those people, he tells himself. Certainly not by this young man.

The crowd is quiet, and so is their leader.

Obi-Wan approaches them carefully, just in case any sudden move from either side would turn this potentially, seemingly peaceful gathering into something far worse.

He stops two steps away from Anakin. The boy turns off his flashlight, regarding him seriously, meeting his eyes.

The silence increases the room temperature rapidly.

Obi-Wan has to clear his throat to break the awkwardness. "So you know I'm here," he blurts out, immediately feeling like a fool to note the obvious.

Anakin huffs a short laugh. "I thought you lost my invitation."

"Invitation?" Obi-Wan raises his eyebrows incredulously.

Anakin chuckles briefly. "How else could you find out we're going to meet here?"

Obi-Wan tilts his head slightly, "Those torn paper --"

Anakin raises one side of his eyebrows, suggestive, waiting.

Realization hits Obi-Wan. "Oh, Jesus, did you leave there on purpose? Is it a trap?"

Anakin properly laughs. "Bingo."

"Why?" Obi-Wan stares at him.

Anakin just shrugs. "You're looking for us, aren't you? Now you find us, what do you think?"

The look on his face is so difficult to read. Obi-Wan tries to find a hint of mischief or malevolence there, but he finds neither. The boy keeps his face straight, but his eyes, there is something deep and swirling in his eyes. Waiting.

*He's nervous.* Obi-Wan realizes. So are all the people in the room. He can barely hear anyone breathing.

Obi-Wan swallows, and shifts his gaze to the side. He starts slowly and carefully, "This is an unlawful gathering, and you know it. The Empire has long forbidden any type of underground meeting, let alone one with rebellious potential."

The people around them start murmuring earnestly. Obi-Wan isn't paying full attention to their words, but he can already tell the tone isn't the most friendly.

Anakin holds out a hand to them, and the whisper quiets.

Obi-Wan glances at him again, and finds his gaze never sways. He feels himself unable to move or hide in those eyes. He finds himself *seen*, for the first time in a long time.

"Not just potential," Anakin challenges him. "You may call us a full-on rebel force. What are you going to do?"

Another quiet round of gasps around them.

The nervousness deepens into a dark undercurrent in his eyes. His voice may sound calm and confident, but his gaze says otherwise.

Obi-Wan doesn't know if his own eyes look exactly like that. He swallows again. "I can arrest you," he tries his best to speak in a business tone, nonchalant and robotic, like he's in auto-pilot mode, but his heart pounds loudly against his eardrums. He gives the crowd a quick look-around. "I can arrest all of you."

"I told you it's a bad idea, Ani!" Another young boy's voice shouts out angrily from his left.

"Not so quick, Kitster," Anakin answers him without looking. "Maybe he's not like them."

"Maybe I'm exactly like them," Obi-Wan retorts.

Anakin narrows his eyes, "Are you? Then why are you still standing here, instead of, I don't know, kill me or something? You do know if you arrest us, the only ending for any of us is death, right?"

Obi-Wan averts his gaze. "Maybe I heard some of you talking, maybe I'm generous enough to spare you this time, but don't mistake it for weak or pardoning from the Empire. If anyone else from the Empire knows about this, about you, then you're doomed. All of you are."

"But not you." A small grin sprouts at the tip of Anakin's lips. "I know you're different."

"Don't be so optimistic," Obi-Wan says grimly, feeling the wrench at his stomach twist even worse than before. "I'm trained with a code and a doctrine for my life, and my only order is for the people and the Empire to be safe, to keep peace. The moment you do anything endangering this peace --"

"I will," Anakin cuts him off, daring him again. "I'm telling you, Kenobi, there will be a day the people will rise against the Empire -- actually, it's the Empire that's against the people now." He takes a large step closer to Obi-Wan. The distance between them is less than a foot now. And he is a few inches taller than the Jedi master. "Then which side are you in, Jedi? Us, or them?"

Obi-Wan shifts uncomfortably. "Don't make me do this, Anakin," he says in a low voice.

"Join us," Anakin ignores his quiet uneasiness, flame of enthusiasm burning in his eyes. "Join us to free the people, fight against the unfairness, the Emperor, gives people the freedom back."

"Or what?" Obi-Wan takes a step back, distancing himself from the boy, shooting a quick glance at the surrounding people again. Some people are fidgeting, hiding their hands behind their backs, in a way as if they're gripping at something. Weapons, perhaps? Obi-Wan speculates. "Are you trying to imprison me or something?"

Anakin shakes his head with a small hint of frustration. "I wouldn't dare. In fact, I was just thinking if I fail on this bet, then that's the end of this, of me anyway. You may take me in all you want, and I'll just... get killed by the Empire or something."

Obi-Wan widens his eyes, once again thrown off-balance by the boy's boldness and straightforwardness. "You're betting your life on me?"

"Yes," Anakin answers without hesitation, and without blinking. Obi-Wan's heart skips a beat at the answer. The boy continues, "I'm trusting my feelings, and my feelings tell me you're worth trying. Don't prove me wrong, Kenobi."

Obi-Wan wets his lips. His heart continues beating too fast and too loud.

It seems forever until he can give an answer again.

"Obi-Wan," he says.

"What?"

"You can call me Obi-Wan," he tells him. "If you want."

The smile on Anakin spreads wide like sunshine shining through a flower field. "Thank you, Obi-Wan," he says wholeheartedly, letting out a long, relieved breath.

"Now, go. Before the curfew starts, or I change my mind. It's not my patrol tonight, and you definitely don't want to run into anyone else." Obi-Wan can't stop a similar small smile from crawling its way onto his lips as well, seeing the relief and cheer on all their faces. People's murmuring grows louder and lighter, and they start moving out of the place.

Anakin doesn't move, not until all the rest have left the place.

"You should go, too," Obi-Wan reminds him. "It's unwise to step your toes on all the lines."

Anakin gives him a funny look. "That's the story of my life, you know."

Obi-Wan grimaces. "In fact, I don't know."

The boy is actually surprised. "Aren't you guys like, 'Big Brother is watching you' type? Knows everything about everyone?"

The rising tip of Obi-Wan's lips drops. He shakes his head briefly. "I have a feeling there is much misunderstanding."

"And *I*, have a feeling that you have something else you want to say, but not in front of everyone," Anakin observes.

Obi-Wan makes a sound out of his nose, bordering on both impressiveness and annoyance. "How many 'feelings' do you have? Have some more, and you may call yourself a psychic."

Anakin shrugs uncaringly. "Mom used to tell me to trust my intuitions, and mine is usually quite good. Now, don't change the subject. What is it that's still bothering you?"

"Oh, let me see, where should I start --" Obi-Wan says sourly. "I do this, we might very likely die before we can do anything. Do you have any idea how powerful the Emperor is, or the whole security and special forces up there? How impossible it is to keep a secret from them, let alone a whole rebellious force? *And*, Count Dooku has given very explicit instructions that, if I fail to seize the person behind those graffiti -- you, he will come down here himself. By then, there will be no hope of speaking your way out of it."

Anakin listens carefully, tilting his head slightly in his deep thought. "Do you know how long we still have before the Upstairs notices anything?"

"Days, maybe weeks. I can't say for sure," Obi-Wan considers. "Patience is usually not one of their virtues."

Anakin snorts. "Do they have any, at all? Doing all these to us, taking away our freedom, our voice. You saw that, everyone with a heart would know how wrong that is. Do they even have a heart?"

Obi-Wan shifts uncomfortably. What Anakin described, isn't that exactly himself before today? Is that saying *he* also didn't grow a heart? Obi-Wan doesn't know what to answer, but luckily, it seems Anakin isn't waiting for one, either.

"Anyway," the boy wraps, "Good to know. We can still use whatever time we have to prepare."

"For what? What are you going to do?" Obi-Wan is suddenly tense again.

Anakin gives him a mysterious smile, "You'll see."
