---
layout: post
title: 【Obikin】To Name the Sky Blue（Chap.1）
date: 2025-07-22 19:12
categories: 星球大战
characters: ["Anakin Skywalker", "Obi-Wan Kenobi"]
tags: ["星球大战", "obikin", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 Obikin Reverse Bang
long_novels: 【Obikin】To Name the Sky Blue
---

At seven, all the outdoor screens and holograms are synchronized to the empire broadcast channel, so are the indoor displays in every habitant's house.

It is the same in Coruscant as it is on every planet in the galaxy.

Near the window of his chamber, facing outside, Obi-Wan stands stiffly straight. The view has never stopped looking uneasy, no matter how many times he witnesses it. It has been a year, since the announcement of the First Galactic Empire.

The images in the screens and holograms shift at the same time, from an electrical black to the face of Empire Palpatine, smiling kindly at the screen -- as if he's just that same old kind senator from Naboo, recently selected as the chancellor, with the only difference being the title and addressing now becoming "Emperor." Images of his face, large and small, high and low, are displayed on every inch of the screens around the city, his eyes staring at every citizen of the galaxy from all different angles.

Obi-Wan can't help a shiver, and doesn't allow himself to think of why.

He is a Jedi that serves this galaxy, be it Republic or Empire, his duty remains the same -- for the benefit of the people. And if the empire ensures the peace and prosperity, stops the war, serves people food, then so be it. He would follow the orders and do his job, even if the order now comes from Emperor Palpatine, instead of the Jedi Master Council, or Senate and Court.

He still turns away from the window when the speech begins. Light shifts outside his window, casting colorful shadows on the opposite wall. He stands in the dark, listening, with his eyes trained on the wall.

The announcement is almost predictable every day -- start with a warm and kind greeting from Emperor Palpatine, talking about how valuable peace and quietness in the city and the galaxy is, after the three-year-long Clone Wars, and the necessity of the Order 66 of removing the traitors to ensure the remaining Jedi are all loyal and serving. The galaxy is not yet in a stable state; there are still rebellions and separatists that are wishing to see the empire break apart, see people's lives suffer in wars. And Coruscant, as the capital, is undoubtedly their first target. That is why the strict martial order is still necessary in the city; the curfew is at eight, any violation of the order will be arrested; any expression that endangers the safety of the empire will be arrested. If, upon investigation, such violations are found guilty, the involved personnel will be executed. Everything is for the safety of the empire and all the lawful citizens living under the empire's protection. Ending with "Enjoy a good night. Long live the Galactic Empire."

The streets are quiet outside. Empty, ghostly quiet. The curfew officially starts at eight, but after a year, people already know well enough to stay inside after sundown -- Jedi patrol would already start when the speech begins, ensuring no one interferes or jeopardizes the public safety, from Upper Level to Lower Level of the city.

People have also learned well enough not to protest against Jedi patrols or security guards -- not publicly on the street anyway. Obi-Wan rubs his temples, missing the old days. People seem to forget they used to be peacekeepers, during the Republic time. They were respected, looked up to. And now --

He remembers the disgusted looks from people when he walked past them to examine a suspicious-looking bar in the Lower Level, not long ago. The bar turned out legit, with all the complete certifications and registrations. So he walked out with empty hands, ready to report back to the Imperial Palace -- which used to be the Jedi Temple, another thing that he tried not to think too hard about every time he steps in or out.

One of the patrons spat at his back: "That's right, run back to your master, you spineless hatchet man, murderer of freedom."

There was some loud gasping. Then the whole bar fell dead silent. Quiet enough to hear his own heartbeat, and that of every single being.

He turned back slowly, forcing his hand in place, staying by his side, instead of reaching automatically for his lightsaber like all these years of training and his muscle memory demanded.

The voice was young. Merely a boy who did not know any better. There was no need to get into trouble with them. He wasn't even there for them.

Obi-Wan scanned the bar as he turned around. Patrons under his eyes all looked away uneasily, many still having that lingering expression of distaste on their faces, a few glancing at the speaker worriedly. The boy looked barely twenty, tall and slim, in humble clothes that were too short at the end of his ankles and wrists, with dirty smudges of paint layered on top -- typical look of a Lower Level kid, if he was even legit to live in the city.

Obi-Wan regarded him, scrutinizing him with a look that most adults would choose to look away or fidget uneasily. The boy did not. His eyes were sharp, too sharp and accusing for his age -- or maybe kids just tend to grow faster nowadays, he wouldn't know. He wasn't the first boy Obi-Wan ran into that had that look of defiance in his eyes, and definitely wouldn't be the last, as long as the Empire exists, as long as the creature called "boy" exists.

And they were blue. Obi-Wan remembers himself thinking. Those young eyes, looking into his like the eyes of an eagle born on the cliff and growing on the sea, a look of a wild creature, a trouble-maker.

He swallowed, shifting slightly, keeping his gaze on the boy's forehead instead. "What's your name?" he asked, taking a step forward.

The crowd in the bar stepped back automatically, emptying out a five-foot opening around them.

The boy did not move. He tightened his jaw, lifting his chin. "Who wants to know?"

There was another quiet gasp in the crowd, some worried whisper.

Obi-Wan glanced outside. The daylight was running out fast -- the sky was too far away from the Lower Level to see, it was always dark around here, it was the artificial light simulating the daylight that was turning darker. And the temperature in the air was dropping. Soon, it would be curfew. He would have to take them into custody according to the new curfew regulation if this farce lasted any longer.

He wouldn't want to get into the trouble of taking all those people to the Custody Center and filing all the paperwork, as much as these people have any interest in going. But right now, with his presence, they weren't even daring to move, let alone leave the place.

Might as well call it a day and end the whole damn thing quickly. Even if it means letting the boy think he won the round, with that satisfied smirk on the tip of his lips.

Obi-Wan sighed. "Jedi Master Kenobi, on official Empire duty," he said in a business tone, examining around the crowd again.

Probably the friendliest olive branch they'd ever seen and will ever see from an imperial law enforcer.

"Well, Kenobi," the boy said, aggressively, not caring about using the correct addressing, in a tone far too cold and remote, "Are you going to arrest me, for telling the truth? Are you not working for the empire to destroy democracy and freedom, and ruin our lives?"

"You should arrest all of us then," another voice in the crowd yelled. He didn't pay attention to who, presumably some friends of this kid, exactly as reckless and mindless as he was.

Obi-Wan took another step forward, standing right in front of the boy -- who was about the same height as him, Obi-Wan realized. With this close distance, those dazzling blue eyes were as clean as the distant stars, reflecting his own image.

Obi-Wan looked into his eyes, lowering his voice. "You should be more careful, boy, and show me some respect," he warned him, biting on the word "boy" a little too hard than necessary. "Don't give me a reason to. Next time, I might have to. And you know damn well I will."

He didn't wait for an answer. Casting a quick glance at the surrounding crowd, he told them, "As you were," and left the bar.

For days, that pair of blue eyes and the accusations haunted him. Obi-Wan went to the meditation room more frequently than usual, but his mind still refused to quiet.

He stares at the wall in his chamber, and wonders if the boy is also listening to the same message from the Emperor's broadcast somewhere down there in the Lower Level of the city; if he was stupid enough to get himself into trouble with other Jedi patrols or imperial troopers -- he wouldn't be surprised if he did.

There is something else around the boy that bothers him. He can't even tell if it is a disturbance in the Force around him, or just the disturbed mind of himself. The boy is already a trouble just by standing there in the room. For a brief moment, he wished his old Master or other Grand Masters were still here, telling him the answer, guiding him the right way.

Obi-Wan sighs, burying the thoughts. He shouldn't be wondering about that nonsense; he's just doing his job nowadays. Get assigned new tasks every day, complete them, go back chamber to rest for a few hours, and continue the next day. Sometimes he doesn't know if he has any difference with those security droids anymore. Somewhere in the mind and heart, things are just dulled, feelings numbed.

He straightens his tunic, checks the lightsaber and blaster gun in place, and walks out of the room.

Tonight is his turn to patrol. And he is assigned the Lower Level.
