---
layout: post
title: 【Obikin】To Name the Sky Blue（Chap.2）
date: 2025-07-25 04:16
categories: 星球大战
characters: ["Anakin Skywalker", "Obi-Wan Kenobi"]
tags: ["星球大战", "obikin", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 Obikin Reverse Bang
long_novels: 【Obikin】To Name the Sky Blue
---

The Lower Level isn't just one single level, or anything close to just a button on an elevator panel that is placed at the bottom of all the levels.

It's all the places below the ground. All the levels that cannot see the sky. The underground world.

Obi-Wan gets off the speeder, tugging his tunic closer, wrapping himself with his arms under the coat, as if that way he could blend in with local people here -- as if there are any *people* to be blended in.

He examines the empty streets, one level at a time, starting from Level Zero to lower.

No one is on the street.

The world is quiet and dead down here, as is above the ground. The curfew and martial orders have been complied with strictly, much to the Emperor's satisfaction.

There are droids and troopers stationed on each level for regular maintenance and surveillance, to handle everyday peace-keeping martial tasks. So as far as Obi-Wan can see, assigning Jedi down here is more or less a waste of effort, unless there is any outburst severe enough that combat skills were to be needed. But if that happened, it might as well be the trigger for another clone war again -- which isn't anything a single Jedi can possibly handle -- just between the people and the Empire. Obi-Wan doesn't know if he's ready for anything like that again so soon. The peace under the Empire's choking control is at least, still peace, still a time for some breath.

His mind wanders around as he walks down the street, his eyes scanning around the open spaces on each level, his feelings dissolving into the Force around them.

From Level Zero to Level Four, the lower he reaches, the shabbier and narrower the streets become. The houses are smaller, lower, more broken. Doors and windows are covered with paper and cloth patches; even a wooden plank patch would be a luxury. Barely any street light.

No living creature in sight. It's as if he's just walking around on a detonated, nuclear-wasted planet.

Obi-Wan speeds up his steps, not wanting to stay too long in any of these levels.

He goes to Level Five next.

There is something different about Level Five; he senses it as soon as he steps out of the speeder. The vision, the smell, the rigorousness, a living life form in a dead city. It takes his conscious mind one more second to realize what the difference is.

The street walls are neither barren nor grey. Not the dirty color with occasional red and black smudges that look like nothing other than dried blood. Unlike other Levels.

In here, the walls are unbelievably colorful, with bright colors scattering all over the color spectrum, as if paint palettes for rainbows are poured onto the walls. There are words and sentences too, together with graffiti of cartoonized figures, exaggerated creations, images of random creatures, symbols that aren't any known language to his knowledge. The ends of brushes are almost always rushed, with visible unclean strokes, as if whoever did this had to finish the thing in a tight time frame.

Obi-Wan walks down the street, staring at the graffiti with wide eyes. People are getting bold and reckless down here. That sense of disturbance in the Force is getting stronger the longer he looks at them. He fidgets uneasily as he examines them.

The paint those graffiti were using seems normal enough, the cheap kind that one can find anywhere, probably even locally in each level. The content, however, may have something worth noticing -- though he can't really understand what they're about for the most part. They are like doodling, coming out of the wild imagination of a five-year-old. It's refreshing in an almost disturbing way.

He doesn't know how to make of it -- so he reports it in, like the new Jedi code the Emperor required.

<br>

The Emperor assembles an emergency meeting the very next day, calling Obi-Wan to report what he saw. Officers and representatives from different areas of expertise are requested. Count Dooku, the Emperor's personal guard, stands right behind his throne.

Obi-Wan tries his best to explain those abstract bright lines and curves and patterns, realizing words are too pale to describe; one has to see to know what he's talking about. He finishes awkwardly with that exact suggestion.

Emperor Palpatine asks him to go back to his seat.

A group of representatives of the meeting says it's nothing to worry about, maybe just a kid messing around. Another group says it's a clear and aggressive sign of rebellion against the Empire, anyone involved in it should be arrested and executed immediately. And another asks nonchalantly why that is even a problem.

The Emperor coughs loudly, and starts speaking slowly: "This is a gesture of dissatisfaction from a small group of people, lashing out their childish emotions on public properties. This should not be allowed. Those paintings might increase the doubt in people's minds, affecting the brief peace we have fought so hard to earn and finally have now. I will add the new regulation in tonight's announcements to prohibit such behavior."

Therefore, by night, when the new and old regulations are being broadcast, Obi-Wan isn't exactly surprised to find out a newly added regulation, but hearing the exact words still makes his heart twist in discomfort. The new regulation says: "Any and all, public or private, display of all formats, regarding personal expression unaligned with the Empire Value is illegal, including but not limited to street art, street painting, street performance. Therefore, certain behaviors like graffiti are strictly forbidden, and anyone who conducts this illegal behavior will be held legal responsibility, arrested and personally investigated by The Emperor and the highest security team."

By "highest security team," he undoubtedly means Count Dooku himself.

Obi-Wan chokes on the water he's drinking, feeling a sick wrench in the lower part of his stomach, as if he's both punched there hard and going to vomit at the same time.

He rushes toward the door of his chamber.

And runs right into Count Dooku.

Obi-Wan halts harshly, holding on to the door to steady himself, more startled than surprised. "Count Dooku," he greets, trying his best to keep his voice and breath stable.

Count Dooku eyes him, "Jedi master Kenobi, so good to see you. The Emperor has an assignment for you. We have reason to believe that those graffiti are signs that a new rebellion force is forming, endangering the peace and stability of the Empire. You are tasked to find those dangerous rebellion sources, and take them to the Emperor. If you fail, *I* will go to the Lower Level myself. Do you understand?"

"Yes, perfectly clear. I will be on my way to the Lower Level immediately," Obi-Wan hears his voice answer automatically.

Count Dooku nods once with approval, still watching him. His gaze lays a heavy, palpable weight on Obi-Wan's back like a snake winding around a prey, as he dashes down the corridor toward his speeder.

Descending into the darkness of the Lower Level has never before felt so comforting. Just knowing the distance from the choking air up there increases as he flies down makes his clenched heart uncoiling -- even just the slightest. He still doesn't know what exactly he'd be running into down there, and what he'd do if he finds those people.

Obi-Wan breathes more easily and steadily with the artificial wind when he arrives at Level Five.

<br>

The night doesn't give him enough information -- at least that's the reason he gives himself -- so Obi-Wan thinks he might as well wait until the daytime to continue his investigation.

He drifts across the streets like a living ghost.

The street comes to life when the morning arrives.

The view shifts so much from the curfewed dark night that he can barely recognize it is still the same place. The colorful markings and doodles on the walls are almost like real, living lives, waking up in the brighter daylight, yawning and gazing at the pedestrians. And look at those pedestrians! Most of them dress in exotic clothes from so many different alien cultures, it's hard to tell apart which colors are stationary on the walls, which ones are moving with the local people. Obi-Wan feels as if he's fording in the pond of color when he walks through the streets.

He steps closer to the walls, standing before the one near one end of the street, watching it closely.

He doesn't know much about art, or painting, or whatever style this may be called in academia -- abstractionism or something along the line -- he just hopes the observation can give him some answer to where to locate the mysterious now-number-one-wanted graffiti artist.

The longer he stares, the more senses those characters and patterns seem to be presenting themselves. He thinks he can spot a few repetitive patterns with a certain combination of colors and characters. But it could also be coincidences that his mind is just making up theories he wishes to see.

Encryption and decryption aren't his best schoolwork, nor is art. Obi-Wan sighs, takes out his personal handheld datapad, and starts taking records of these arts to take back for analysis in the Jedi library computer later.

He doesn't realize the way his feet were taking him along the painted wall that leads toward the end of the alley, where the bar that almost caused him that fight with the locals is located, until he's already at its door.

The last graffiti ends outside the bar.

Obi-Wan halts his steps sharply in front of the bar, ready to take a turn. It is at this exact moment, a figure emerges from the exit door, almost bumping right into him.

"Excuse me," a familiar, young voice says.

Obi-Wan looks up, running into a pair of recognizable eyes. "It's you."

That reckless, defiant, young boy with blue eyes glares back at him. His eyes narrow with recognition, "You again, Jedi."

"Jedi Master Kenobi," Obi-Wan can't help correcting him.

"I remember," the boy smirks, looking right back at him, the same way he did last time. His clothes are even dirtier than last time -- no, not "dirty," more colorful. More paint with the same set of bright colors on those walls has left marks and smudges on his thin shirt and cheap hooded jacket with the same color as his eyes. In his hands, he's holding a handful of spray cans.

Obi-Wan's heart sinks when his eyes land on those. Yet somehow, he thinks he already knows it even before running into the boy again.

The boy follows his gaze and sees where his attention gets attracted. He shifts his arms so the cans are half hidden behind his body.

"I see you're interested in the arts," Obi-Wan comments cautiously, glancing at the painted walls beside them. "Did you not hear the latest regulation announced last night? The street arts and graffiti are strictly forbidden now."

The boy quirks a smirking smile, "I wonder who did those arts. I'll make sure to let them know not to do that again." The silent challenge is more than loud enough for Obi-Wan to hear in his undertones: *You don't have proof it's me. That's why you're just standing here staring at me, waiting for me to give up evidence, aren't you? Think again, I'm not stupid. So what are you going to do, Kenobi?*

And that is exactly why Obi-Wan can't take him in now -- he'll need more proof than the cans to call the boy suspicious or guilty. He'll have to catch him in action or something of the kind.

Obi-Wan can do nothing but glare at him.

Another voice calls across the street: "Ani, you coming or not?"

The boy's head jerks to the source of the voice. "In a minute," he yells back.

Obi-Wan raises his eyebrows in a joyful beam. "So it's Ani."

"It's 'Anakin' to you," the boy snaps. "'Ani' is only for my friends."

"Alright, Anakin," Obi-Wan says compliantly, voice softer, glancing at the spray cans in his hands again. "Just so you know, whoever is painting those, I'll have to arrest them if I find them."

Anakin shrugs carelessly. "Then I'll make sure they are never found." He turns to catch up with his friends.

Obi-Wan watches his back with a lump in his throat.

He goes back to studying the paintings for the rest of the day, and he doesn't run into Anakin for another three days.
