---
layout: post
title: 【Obikin】To Name the Sky Blue（Chap.7）
date: 2025-10-14 01:56
categories: 星球大战
characters: ["Anakin Skywalker", "Obi-Wan Kenobi"]
tags: ["星球大战", "obikin", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 Obikin Reverse Bang
long_novels: 【Obikin】To Name the Sky Blue
---

Obi-Wan drifts on the street mindlessly, not knowing where his feet are leading him.

The artificial sky is getting darker. The night is coming closer.

People on the street pick up steps, rushing toward their houses -- or shelter, or wherever they call home to pass the night.

His feet bring him to the familiar diner he's been in just a few hours ago.

Dex is the only one in the place this time. His four hands are organizing the counter and kitchen supplies, tidying things up, about to close the place for the night. His move pauses when Obi-Wan walks in.

"Craving for a burger before you go upstairs?" Dex pushes the empty plates aside, grabs two new cans of Jawa Juice, walks out from behind the counter. "Afraid the kitchen is closed, but I can make an exception if you need."

"No, just need a place to sit for a while." Obi-Wan seats himself in the closest booth, not bothering to check if the table is clean, leaning his arm on it tiredly.

Dex pushes one can before him, and sits on the opposite side. "Had a fight with that kid?"

Obi-Wan raises his eyebrows. "How do you know? Is that this obvious?"

"Five hours ago, the two of you ordered half the kitchen's food and chatted non-stoppingly. And now you come back alone with a long face. It's not so difficult to put two and two together." Dex pulls open his drink and pours it into his mouth, one of his lower hands scratching his back carelessly.

Obi-Wan isn't even in the mood for Jawa Juice now. He just sighs in frustration. "I might have made a stupid mistake," he says.

"Falling in love?" Dex supplies.

"What?! No!" Obi-Wan almost jumps, shifting his attention to his old friend with widened eyes. "What gives you that idea?! He's just a little brat I happened to run into like three days ago, and now it's becoming a huge mess."

"That so? If it's so simple, then why are you just sitting in my place, sulking and bitching, instead of going back to that golden palace and report him in? You won't lose anything, maybe even a medal for capturing the wanted. The kid and the rebels get executed. Everything returns to peace. Bob's your uncle, Fanny's your aunt. Things go back to normal, you should be happy." Dex puts down the can and stares into his eyes.

Obi-Wan looks away. "I..." he wets his lips, struggling with words. "I don't know." He admits helplessly, pondering slowly.

"He's different, special, so talented with Force. I haven't seen anyone with Force for so long now, let alone so strong. I just thought maybe there's still hope for us, you know, to make a change in some way." He stares at the diner floor, out of focus, remembering those blue eyes staring back at him, reckless, determined.

"Isn't that exactly what he's been trying to do? Make a change?" Dex offers.

"You know? His plan?" Obi-Wan is surprised, scanning his friend's face.

Dex shrugs. "Most people around here know. How do you think he gets so many to follow him around, learn his secret art code, go to the meetings? Hope is an awful thing, I'm telling you. He gives it to people, and now, they can't live without it. That's where the trouble starts."

Obi-Wan finds himself speechless once again. "And they all trust him, believe it's the right thing to do," he murmurs, remembering how he helps the starving family, the sick kid, the helpless old men and women in the group. They go to him for advice, for support, and he gives them something so much better than food and medicine -- he gives them hope. The hope of a tomorrow that they can live in freedom and prosperity, in democracy, in a new Republic, in a world better than the current one. In a world without the darkness and fear created by the Emperor.

"I need to think," Obi-Wan stands up.

"Maybe you should stop thinking," Dex doesn't bother standing up to see him out, just staying in his seat. "Follow your feelings, Obi-Wan. Qui-Gon always said: *Follow your feelings.*"

He's answered with a sound of the diner's door clanging shut.

<br>

When the nighttime galaxy-wise broadcast starts, Obi-Wan finds himself going back to the wall painting Anakin showed him earlier. The wall that's covered by the massive colorful wings. The colors look dimmer in the night lighting, but the memory of them is still fresh enough to compensate.

Obi-Wan sits before the wall, legs crossed, in his usual meditation posture. He can see Force flowing around the wall and painting just as it flows around Anakin. He asks the Force quietly, *What should I do? What's the right thing?*

And then, the broadcasting starts. There is no public screen in this part of the town, but the sound still pierces through. The Emperor's voice vibrates in the air as if it carries real electricity. As if saying, in all the corners of all the galaxy, as long as his image can be sent to, as long as his voice can touch, it is under his governance.

Free expression of art -- forbidden. Free assembly -- forbidden. Ill discussion of the Emperor -- arrest. Grudge against the system -- arrest. Leave your house after curfew -- arrest.

It can almost get simplified into: Do anything anyone upstairs isn't happy about -- death.

Obi-Wan swipes his face with his hands desperately.

Images and colors flash before his eyes on their own accord.

Blue -- Anakin's eyes.

Red -- the lightsaber of that nameless Sith who killed his master.

White -- the Imperial Palace.

Blue -- the sky's real color, above the ground.

Red -- blood coming out of the fatal wounds of so many people, his master, his comrades, the friends he used to have.

Black -- the armor and the Imperial symbol on their shoulders.

Blue -- his own lightsaber.

Red -- the fire that burns the bodies of those who died, and soon, forgotten. But Obi-Wan never really forgets them.

Blue -- his own eyes looking back through mirrors, tired, aged, muted, in the age when his voice can no longer be heard or expressed safely.

Red -- the draping cloak over Count Dooku's shoulder, following his steps.

Blue -- the freedom, the safety, the prosperity, the happiness, the hope, the life.

Red -- the blood, the fire, the prison, the power, the death.

Anakin's voice starts echoing in his head.

*We're already dying a little every day. You're still just letting us die, just slower!*

*I can fly now.*

*With everything we don't have, freedom is one thing we can still have.*

Then Dex's voice chimes in unreasonably.

*Follow your feelings.*

*I might have made a stupid mistake. -- Falling in love?*

*If it's so simple, why are you still here?*

It really should be a simple question -- it shouldn't even *be* a question at all. The code is clear, the order is clear. The wanted warrant is making it even easier. He has everything he needs: the people, the proof, the idea of a destructive plan, the sinful rebellious intention. He has everything.

*What are you still debating about, Obi-Wan?* The voices in his head speak louder and louder. Now sounds like his own, but mixed with everything and everyone from his past and his memory.

*What are you so afraid to see?* They push, and press, and march, and besiege.

"Stop," Obi-Wan tells the voices, feeling himself cornered like a caged animal. "Stop!"

One of the voices stands out to answer him, clear and young, "If you yell any louder, the droid patrol on the main street might hear you and come over."

Obi-Wan snaps open his eyes.

Three steps away, Anakin stands with his arms crossed. His backpack at his feet.

Obi-Wan wipes his face hastily to school his expressions, but what's the point, Anakin already sees his miserable look anyway.

"How do you know I'm here?" he asks, uncrossing his folded legs, standing up from the ground.

"Lucky guess," Anakin answers stoically, without looking at him. He holds out an arm, in a gesture to hand his bag over. "Just thought you might want your armor back, that's all. They might give you trouble if you lose them."

Obi-Wan takes the bag from him but doesn't hurry to open it, just letting it sit by his feet. "Why do you care?" he asks quietly.

"It doesn't matter now," Anakin says plainly, putting his hands in his pockets, about to turn to leave. "You do what you do, we do what we do. You want to report me or arrest me, that's your duty, I don't blame you. If I get killed by that, I die from my own stupidity in trusting the wrong guy. I deserve that." His tone is kept stiffly flat, emotionless, defeated. His face half hidden in the shadow.

Obi-Wan blinks hard. He bursts out, "Four entrances."

"Sorry?" Anakin jerks up his head.

"The Palace -- it has two maintenance and service entrances on the lower floors. But if you count the sewage and exhaust system, there are four." Obi-Wan says breathlessly, as if trying to rush them out before his own brain betrays him.

Anakin looks at him for a long second, the muscle around his jaw starting to slack. He moves closer, slowly. His eyes hold Obi-Wan's, neither of them blinks. "Where are they?"

"I need some paper."

"In the bag."

<br>

The drawing is almost like a doodle, but Obi-Wan has already tried his best.

He glances at Anakin apologetically. "Sorry, I'm not as good as you in terms of painting."

"I noticed," Anakin answers, still regarding the drawing. The palace is represented by a rough shape of a triangle combined with multiple rectangles. The pipe systems and each of the entrances are marked in red. The elevator and corridors are verbally explained by Obi-Wan, and Anakin memorizes them. The Emperor's chamber is near the very top.

"I could try to give you a floor plan from the archive." Obi-Wan's finger lingers on his personal datapad from outside the pocket. "But I'd guess they'll notice as soon as I request, might even trigger some alarm or something similar. We probably don't want to risk it."

"We?" Anakin tilts his head toward him. His face, under the dim light, looks all bright and sunshine.

"In for a penny, in for a pound," Obi-Wan answers easily.

"Thought you said it yourself, you do this, we'll all likely be killed," Anakin says.

"What's better to die for than fighting for freedom?"

"You really sound like one of us now." Anakin smiles.

"As long as it doesn't require me to paint on that wall, I'm all in," Obi-Wan jokes, feeling his heart lifted.

Anakin shoves his shoulder playfully. "That's the easy part, we can teach you. Just need some practice."

Obi-Wan straightens his face again, "Besides, with me helping from the inside, we might actually have a chance to win."

"We'll need a more detailed plan. I'll call in a meeting tomorrow to go over everything we have, to get people ready. We might need another week to get everyone enough weapons and ammunition." Anakin starts packing things up.

"And I will go back to see if there is any change in the Palace, if anyone raises suspicion. I will let you know once I'm back." Obi-Wan puts on his imperial armor again, over the jacket Anakin lent -- no, gifted -- him. The armor is cold and rigid, uncomfortable to wear, even worse to move around with. Obi-Wan buckles it up in silence. Anakin helps with those over his shoulder and behind his back. Their fingers brush briefly, and the boy takes his hand back.

"You know where to find the meeting information." Anakin throws the bag onto his back. "I'll see you tomorrow."

"That's a date," Obi-Wan answers without thinking, examining his wearing one last time. He lifts his head to find Anakin's amused, raised eyebrows. Hastily, he amends, "Not what you're thinking. I mean like, that's a deal." His cheeks burn slightly.

"I'm not thinking anything," Anakin chuckles. "I don't know *who* is thinking."

He leaves just as quietly as he appears, dissolving into the dark shadow like a color melting into the painting.

Obi-Wan looks at the way he disappears, staring into the darkness for a minute too long, before heading out as well.

<br>

But his chamber is not empty. Nor is it locked.

Obi-Wan reaches for his lightsaber before he pushes it open cautiously.

He doesn't need to see the face to recognize that long and dark silhouette standing before the window.

And he also doesn't even have a chance to click his lightsaber to life, before a strong shot of electricity knocks him out from behind.

The last thing he sees, is the Count turning to him with his hand held behind his back, an unfathomable look dangling on his face.

The world falls into black in the blink of an eye.
