---
layout: post
title: 【Obikin】To Name the Sky Blue（Chap.8）
date: 2025-10-14 17:01
categories: 星球大战
characters: ["Anakin Skywalker", "Obi-Wan Kenobi"]
tags: ["星球大战", "obikin", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 Obikin Reverse Bang
long_novels: 【Obikin】To Name the Sky Blue
---

Obi-Wan wakes up to a dimly lit chamber inside a confinement ray, his wrists and ankles locked into position by the force cuffs, his neck and back sore from keeping the body together. The only thing he can move is his eyes.

Someone stands just outside the peripheral of his eyes.

"What's this about, Count Dooku?" Obi-Wan takes a guess and is proved right.

The man walks into his view, wearing a facsimile of a mocking smile. "Obi-Wan Kenobi," he speaks in a lazy tone, his voice echoing through the claustrophobic space. Obi-Wan tries to figure out the size and possible location of this chamber just from the sound. "I knew you must be planning something, but I didn't think you would be idiotic enough to show up again."

Obi-Wan thinks fast. He doesn't think he left any trace or was followed every time he was with Anakin. He's been careful, and so they don't have any proof. The Count must just try to intimidate him into spilling out the secrets. It's nothing more than an average interrogation trick, and he wouldn't be fooled by that.

He puts on an innocent face and answers in a calm voice. "I don't know what you're talking about."

"Oh really?" Dooku mocks. "So you're saying you didn't spend the past *weeks* looking for the wanted fugitive, keeping in touch with them, deciphering their code in the scribbles on the wall, and joining their meetings?"

Obi-Wan's heart sinks, temperature leaving his face. No way they get to guess all that just from nothing. The first thought coming to him is that they're betrayed from inside, fury and anger starting to burn inside him. Anakin trusts all those people, and half the Lower Level knows his plan. It can be anyone, and they are probably still right there, hiding in the crowd, joining the meetings like they're just one of them, all the while sharing all the information with the Empire.

Which means Anakin will be in tremendous danger if he continues to discuss his plan and starts attacking like that. Obi-Wan freezes. The Imperial Palace will be prepared for him. The secret entrances will be guarded. It will be a massacre.

He grimaces, not wanting to think about what would happen after. But the image of the familiar horror from the battlefield, win or lose, is already rushing toward him like a tsunami wave, and the figures and bodies in those visions, are replaced by his new friends and those people he just started to know.

Dooku studies his look closely. "Yes, Obi-Wan, we know, we know everything." He stretches each syllable and each word, as if each of them is physical, tangible, and he can stretch them into a rope to bind Obi-Wan round and round again. "It's foolish of you to even think we wouldn't find out."

"How?" Obi-Wan spits, not bothering to pretend anymore. His expression has probably already given away the admission anyway. But no way he wouldn't try to get some intel if he had to go through this. "Someone tipped you off?"

Dooku walks around him, studying him from one side to the other, like a researcher studying his object. "You might say so."

The worst suspicion is confirmed. *He needs to warn Anakin,* Obi-Wan thinks desperately. *He needs to get out of here before they come in. He needs to save them.*

"I would worry about yourself first if I were you," Dooku comments.

"You're reading my mind?" The horrifying thought strikes Obi-Wan. He takes a second to consider the possibility -- Yes, that's definitely possible. He has to focus hard to try to put up a wall in his head.

"I don't need to," Dooku informs him with a sound of satisfaction under his tone. "Just look at you. You're writing everything on your face."

Obi-Wan sets his jaw tight, not answering.

Dooku takes a turn when he reaches the other side, moving back to stand right in front of him.

Obi-Wan is hanged higher above the ground, having to drop his eyes to keep the Count in his vision. He glares at the man, but Dooku doesn't seem to notice.

"Now, chat time is over. It's Question and Answer time," Dooku announces. "You can make it easy, or play tough and loyal, and make it difficult. It's your choice. But either way, I will get the answer. Are we clear?"

Obi-Wan just glares at him harder, as his answer.

"Where are the rebels?" Dooku asks, almost in a kind and gentle tone.

"I don't know," Obi-Wan says.

"So we're doing this the hard way, I see," Dooku says lazily, walking out of his sight. Obi-Wan hears the ticks of a machine nearby.

A few ticking sounds, like one tunes the knob on an old device, and the beams around him start heating up. The forces around his hands and legs are contracting, menacing to tear his body up.

"Shall we try that again? Where are the rebels? What are they planning to do?" Dooku demands.

Obi-Wan can feel the heat and burning sensation starting to accumulate on his skin. It's different from pure temperature increasing; there must be something else in the ray, invoking the sensibility of his sensations. He can feel the electricity in the ray, piercing through his skin like a million thinnest needles, biting and chewing his bones like countless ants eating him up from inside, poisoning and melting his internal organs. His heart contracts reflexively in fear for his life.

"I don't know!" Obi-Wan clenches his teeth to bear the sensation. It's more than just pain. It's as if all the sensors in his body have been triggered to be used against his brain. His brain is too confused to parse them, too distracted to keep up the wall and attention, to focus on what's more important. *Anakin is more important.* Obi-Wan thinks, closing his eyes to fight against the torture, concentrating on one thought that calms him down.

"Well, well, looks like it's going to be a long day," Dooku says coldly, turning the knobs again. More heat, more needles, more electricity. More pain. "Just remember, everyone has a breaking point. Sooner or later, your body will give up, and so will your mind. I can wait until then."

Obi-Wan thinks miserably: *He might have to miss the meeting with Anakin now. He promised to go. The boy might be disappointed.*

<br>

<hr style="border: 1.5px solid; color: #36165a; opacity: 0.8;">
<br>

Anakin is pacing up and down the old factory floor impatiently.

It's already an hour after the scheduled meeting time, and Obi-Wan still hasn't shown up.

"He's probably not coming, Ani. We should start," Amee suggests nervously.

"He will. He might just, I don't know, get caught up in the middle of something," Anakin answers fretfully. "He promised he would come."

"Have you ever considered maybe he's betrayed us? Tipped us off and he's just waiting for us to rush into the traps right about now?" Kitster says loudly.

"No," Anakin says decisively. "He's not like that."

"Because those imperial hatchet men are so trustworthy," Kitster remarks sourly.

Anakin strides to his face in two large steps, raising his fist, growling irritably, "I told you, if you trust me, then you can trust him!" His fists missed Kitster's face only because Wald dragged him away.

"Something must've happened when he went back last night," Anakin glances upward, as if wishing to see what happened up there just from where he stands.

"Can you sense him through the Force? Or whatever that magical thing you guys were trying the other day?" Amee says, unsure of herself.

Anakin pauses in his pacing. It never occurred to him. "I don't know if I can," he hesitates. "I only did that once when he was here."

"No harm to try it again," Amee encourages.

Anakin nods and sits down on the ground with crossed legs. He closes his eyes.

The vision behind the closed eyelids is pure black at first. Empty. Nothing.

"I don't think it's working." Anakin shifts in his position uncomfortably.

"Focus, Ani. If he's in trouble, maybe this is the only way we can find out what happened." Amee says. "He'll need our help -- your help."

*Obi-Wan needs me.* That specific thought clears the mind of all the other noises and drifting thoughts. The vision brightens up, as if he finally manages to open the eyes that he's always kept closed. It's still vague, like looking at a painting from across the street through the heaviest fog. But the shapes and colors are forming.

*Obi-Wan!* Anakin tries to move toward the shapes. But the shapes are moving too, leaving him like a floating paper ship on the rapid stream, like a dream ready to wake up.

The color turns red around him. Like blood, like flame, thick and sluggish, smelling of rusty iron.

Voices start coming through. Some laughter, deep and cold, snaky and uncomfortable; more yells of pain, through clenched teeth, through broken bones.

He senses pain, worry, and a touch of fear, like sensing a coming storm at the edge of the sky; he senses guilt and regret, like sensing the coming of a high wave from a roaring sea. And there is something else, like a turbulence under the current, a fluster in the wind, a sprout showing in the middle of winter, untimely, delicate, and utterly different from everything else that's rushing around in the Force. It's like a calling, so strong that it's pulling him step deeper and closer. So he trudges through the foggy red and black, moving through the pain and yelling. There, in the deep and afar, he sees -- no, he feels -- the color of blue. Faint and pale that it's almost turning into white, but it's a hint of blue, like the color of Obi-Wan's eyes. It doesn't make sense, but it's also all starting to make sense now.

Anakin snaps open his eyes. "They captured him." He jumps to his feet. "We have to go now. To save him."

"What? Now?" Kitster is alarmed.

"Yes! Now!" Anakin snaps.

"How do you know? That they captured him? Did you see that?" Amee asks cautiously.

Anakin shakes his head. "I felt it. There are all these feelings and colors. I can't see exactly. But I can feel it."

"What if it's a trap?" Kitster says suspiciously.

"Do you know where?" Amee asks at the same time.

"Imperial Palace, I think," Anakin pauses for a second. "I hope." Even he has to admit that's weak.

"I take it 'hope' is all we can get now." Kitster sighs. "What about the plan? The weapons? The training? We didn't expect to take the action so soon. We're not ready. Hell, even you're not ready. Obi-Wan said you should have more training."

"Well, we didn't expect him to be captured, did we?" Anakin counters.

Kitster frowns at him, folding his arms. "The mission, are we talking about carrying on with the, you know, aggressive negotiation, or rescue? We never really considered we'll have to do a rescue."

Anakin swallows. "Now we do."

"We don't have enough people, or enough anything, to pull one mission off, let alone two. We'll have to choose," Kitster points out sharply. "When the time comes, you'll have to decide if you want to save him, or do what all of us always wanted, for the best of everyone. Don't make the wrong choice, Anakin!"

Anakin clenches his jaw. "We'll see when the time comes. Now, take what we have. Let's go."
