---
layout: post
title: 【Obikin】To Name the Sky Blue（Chap.10）（completed）
date: 2025-10-15 02:45
categories: 星球大战
characters: ["Anakin Skywalker", "Obi-Wan Kenobi"]
tags: ["星球大战", "obikin", "英文", "已完结"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 Obikin Reverse Bang
long_novels: 【Obikin】To Name the Sky Blue
---

The throne room is as heavily guarded as one can imagine. Troopers and droids stand outside the closed doors, shooting back at the rebels.

Amee is down, just like most of the others, lying on the floor with blood gathering slowly into a pool under her body. Kitster is the only one left standing, but from the sound of his yell and the limping, he's also shot more than once.

The floor of the corridor is scattered with bodies and broken droids and troopers. Anakin hates it that he doesn't have time to stop to check if they're still breathing. They're so close now.

Anakin clicks alive Dooku's lightsaber, and Obi-Wan activates his. They stand back to back, the blocking and attacking slowly falling into sync. Waving with his left hand is more than a little unaccustomed, but Anakin finds out it's not as uncomfortable as he thought.

They clear out the guards outside the door eventually.

And the door opens on its own.

The Emperor is waiting for them.

Behind his chair, outside the floor-to-ceiling window, the entirety of Coruscant is right there, under their foot. All the large and small screens of the city show the same image of his face, smiling and speaking the same words with the same, synchronized pace. It's the broadcasting time.

Anakin forces his attention to move away from that bizarre view, back to the man in the chair.

"I heard you're looking for me," Palpatine says slowly, even with a smile. "And now you found me. What can I do for you?"

Anakin takes a large step forward. "Give us the Republic back."

Palpatine grins with teeth showing. "What's so good about Republic? It's all corrupted and ugly. It even led the galaxy into a three-year war! I brought peace back, people love peace, you love peace, don't you?"

"This is not peace, it's dictatorship!" Obi-Wan supplies, stepping forward, standing next to Anakin. "You didn't do it for the people. You did everything for yourself, so you can have all the power and control the galaxy."

"What's the difference? People are mindless creatures; they *need* to have a lead to follow; they need to hear orders and know what to do. I'm just giving them what they want. And see, it works. It's all peace and quiet in the galaxy, what's there to complain about?" Palpatine opens his arms to make a showing gesture.

"What about freedom? What about art, and creativity, and people's lives in the Lower Level? What about street painting, and... and --" Anakin stutters.

Obi-Wan picks up. "-- and public performance, night bars, freedom to gatherings and parades, food and medications, equal rights, education..."

Palpatine snaps to cut him off, "What about them? Who cares if a random person in a corner died of the cold -- it doesn't mean I need to make the whole world warmer. The war is over, what's better than that?"

A thought flips across Anakin's mind. "The war -- who knows if *you* are the one started it in the first place!"

The smile on Palpatine's face spread wider. "Boy, I know. Because I *am* the one who started it."

Obi-Wan exchanges a quick look with Anakin, turning back to the Emperor: "Why are you telling us it now? "

"Because you won't be there telling anyone else," Palpatine says exuberantly, waving a hand to order someone to come over -- except no one does. "No one will know what happened, and the Empire will last for another thousand years."

"No, it won't." Anakin smiles confidently, taking out the datapad from his pocket. A blinking red light shines on the top.

Palpatine narrows his eyes. "What did you do?"

"Letting everyone know." Anakin casts a glance at the window behind. Out there, all the screens are showing the real streaming image from the datapad. They don't need to hear the sound to know every word Palpatine just said has been broadcast to the whole galaxy.

People start rushing out onto the street, many are on their way, crowding toward the Imperial Palace. Troopers and the security forces along with them.

Palpatine's eyes land on the lightsaber hilt he left on the chair arm.

Anakin follows his gaze. "You can use it all you want," he challenges with a chin raised high and proud. "And the people will see how you use violence to solve problems, like you always do. You may kill us, but the empire is already dead."

Palpatine sits back in his throne seat. "What are you going to do to me? Kill me? Like you killed Count Dooku? So people can know they will just change from following one murderer to another?"

"Except we're not," Obi-Wan tells him, with great satisfaction and pride. "Count Dooku is still alive, so will you be. There will be trial, and court, and justice, and laws and rules made by people. We will do things properly this time, and people can decide your fate together. That's called democracy. That's how the order should have been, should always be."

So this is how it ends.

The guards that Palpatine called to come never enter; instead, when the troopers come into the chamber, they have torn down the imperial shoulder epaulets. Next to the chamber Dooku was confined in, they activated another force field to lock Palpatine in, waiting until the new order is set up and a trial is ready to be conducted.

Anakin clicks the datapad a few more times. And when they look out of the window, the city's screens are showing something new and bright -- the photo Obi-Wan took, the wall paintings Anakin drew. The large, wild, colorful wall painting of a pair of rainbow-colored wings.

Except, now the wings are not limited to a simple plain wall in the Underground World, now they are everywhere, on all the screens, high and low, large and small, in every corner of the city. Anakin was right, the real art doesn't need decoding to understand, doesn't need translation to feel. The wings spread and hover and fly, and as if every pair of wings displayed in the city, is a life and a hope and a dream that a whole new world is coming, and in this world, freedom is not untouchable, art and expression are not forbidden, among everything else people wanted.

And so many more. A starry sky with stars spinning like flames, a blue heart with a dove bearing an olive branch, faces of ordinary people, of his friends and people living in the Lower Level that should be memorized... Now, all of them are seen. The whole galaxy shares their dreams and hopes, waiting for a new beginning.

"Can't believe we did it," Anakin says quietly, staring out of the window. Then he looks up, staring into the sky. It's still the dark night hour right now.

Obi-Wan stands next to him, shoulder to shoulder, looking at the same view, same city, same world. "You did it," he turns to glance at the boy who is certainly no longer just a young, innocent artist, but a grown man, a leader, a revolutionist. "What are you going to do now?"

Anakin shakes his head, but still keeps his eyes on the world, on the sky. "I don't know, and it's terrifying. I imagine people would want us to build the new world, but we'll definitely need more help, maybe starting with inviting all the wise people to help."

"I know perfectly who to ask. Master Yoda, for one, should be here." Obi-Wan nods approvingly.

Anakin nods agreeingly. "But for now, I think I'll just stand here until the sun rises. For the first time, I want to see the real sky turning into the real blue, I want to know -- of all the time we paint the blue on the wall, to mean safe and free, how close we are."

Obi-Wan glances at him again, hesitating, then deciding. "I'll leave you to it, then."

He turns slowly, adding, "It's been really nice knowing you, Anakin."

The young voice stops him behind his back, "You can call me 'Ani' now, if you want."

"And one more thing, I'd like you to stay here, when the sun rises and the sky turns blue."

"I'd like that, too."

So he stays.

<br>

**END**
