---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Last Righteous Man and Last Angel In the City - VIII. The Last Angel（1）
date: 2025-10-29 20:12
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 SPN Eldritch Big Bang
long_novels: 【Destiel】Last Righteous Man and Last Angel In the City
---

**Warning before chapter**: Graphic depictions of violence, temporary main character death.

<br>

Dean leads Sam into his room. The young boy is so nervous that he doesn't know where to put his hands.

Castiel greets him gently, holding out a hand. "I'm Castiel, Angel of the Lord," he announces. Dean has a sudden throwback to the moment they first met. Castiel was so much more solemn and distant at the time.

Sam catches the angel's hand, holding it closely. "Sam, I'm Sam," he eagers.

Cas gives him a smile. "Dean has told me much about you." He takes back his hand, pressing two fingers together, reaching for Sam's forehead. "I'm going to check what is going on with your body."

Sam nods hastily, closing his eyes.

Cas presses his fingers and closes his eyes, too. Dean watches a frown slowly forming between his eyebrows.

A glow of silvery light gathers from his body, moving through his fingers, sinking through Sam's skin.

Sam's standing stance slowly straightens, his cheeks flushing healthy pink.

Cas staggers backward two steps, leaning against the bed. Dean reaches out to hold his shoulders in time.

"What's happening? How's it going?" Dean looks between the angel and his brother.

While Sam looks better, Cas looks worse. He grimaces when Dean helps him to sit down at the edge of the bed; he pants heavily. His face looks more pale, too.

"How do you feel?" Cas doesn't answer Dean, looking up at Sam and asking him instead.

Sam stretches his arms easily, taking a few long breaths, starting to grin. "I'm feeling great!" he says cheerfully. "I feel... so light. Like there was always something here," he points at his chest, "but now they're gone. I'm breathing okay, I don't feel anything now."

"That's... that's so great." Dean watches him, having a matching tearful smile on his face. He looks back at the angel, "God, I prayed for you for so long, and in the end, it's you, Cas. You're the one who saved him."

He pulls Cas closer, trying to give him a hug. Cas lets out a soft moan under his touch.

Dean freezes again, letting go of his hold slowly. "How are you, Cas?"

Cas leans back, not leaving his touch, so Dean puts his hands back around Cas's back. "Just tired," Cas puts up a faint, sad smile. "I might accidentally have used up most of my grace. I still wasn't as strong as I'd like. But I promised you, Dean, to do as much as I can to help your brother."

"You idiot," Dean scolds him gently. "You want to tap on me again?" He flashes a sheepish glance at Sam when he says that, then the door. Dean blushes slightly.

Cas shakes his head. "I don't want to exhaust you. Soul energy is not unlimited, and it recovers even slower than grace. I should just take some rest and let my grace heal itself."

"Alright," Dean helps him lie down on his bed.

Sam stands awkwardly by the wall, watching them.

There is some sound outside the room, but none of them notices.

"If it's okay," Sam starts slowly, "I have a question."

"Dude, he's tired," Dean throws him an irritated look. "Questions can wait till the morning."

"It's okay, Dean." Cas catches his hand that's helping to tuck him in with the throw blankets, turning his face to Sam. "What do you want to know?"

Sam glances between his brother and the angel nervously. "I was just wondering, why do you come to us in the first place? As an angel, why do you come to the city?"

"To inspect the town, right? You said so yourself on the first day," Dean answers for him, then turning to Cas for confirmation.

Cas makes a small nod. "But that's not all. I couldn't tell you the whole truth, but now, I think it's okay for you to know."

Dean frowns slightly. He doesn't quite like how it sounds. "What's the whole truth?" he asks, worried.

"The sinned fame of the City of Sodom and Gomorrah has reached the Heavenly host. We're sent to inspect the city, to see if the rumors were true, and to report back our conclusion. Amos and I reach the city one day apart, so that we can each inspect individually." Castiel tells them.

"Amos... that's the angel before you." Dean murmurs, mournful. "I think he didn't make it."

Castiel nods sadly. "I didn't realize how severe the situation is. I should have listened to you, but at least, I'm glad I get to know everything on a very deep level and report back accurately."

"What are you going to report? Once you go back?" Sam prompts carefully.

"The Heavenly host is determining if the city is worth saving. And if it's not, then the whole town will be destroyed." Cas answers, shifting his eyes between Dean and Sam. "But now that I learned about the existence of the righteous man and his family, I will let them know that, even though the city is as sinned as the rumor says, there is a righteous man that worth saving. I will make sure both of you are safe."

"They're going to destroy the whole town?" Dean widens his eyes, worried.

"Everyone except for you and Sam, yes."

"You can't... I don't know, tell them they're still worth saving?" Dean struggles, closing his eyes once in the mid-sentence, but he asks it anyway.

Castiel stares at him, eyes turning colder. "Given my own experience, with everything that has happened," his eyes flashing down at his body that's covered by the cover and his wings that are still weak, as if to remind Dean of all the harms that had occurred, "no, that wouldn't be an honest observation."

"But they're all people! All lives!" Dean raises his voice. "There are women and children in the city, too! Maybe ninety-nine out of a hundred people are sinned, there are still innocent people out there!"

"And that one person is right here, and no more." Cas looks him in the eyes. "Why do you think I spend three more days in the city, when I could have reported back on the first day?"

Dean is muted and simply stares at him. It didn't occur to him to ask why.

"I witnessed adultery and blasphemy on the first day from everyone except you. And I thought, perhaps you're not the only righteous man in the city, perhaps there's a second one, a third. If I can find ten, the city can be spared. So I stayed and tried, and this is how I ended up. So no, there is no second righteous man. I'm sorry."

"Maybe they can still be changed! People can change!" Dean's voice is bordering on yelling.

"I thought you wanted them punished, too. I thought you wanted to leave the city and never come back." Cas retorts.

"That doesn't mean all of them deserve to die!" Dean rushes, voice trembling. "Come on, Cas. There are thousands of people in the town, you can't really be thinking about destroying all of them!"

"Show me *one* example in the town that changed. You tried for years, telling them what's right and what's wrong, telling them to stop the adultery and start to have faith. Tell me *one* name, Dean, besides yourself and Sam, that changed and listened to you, and I will report back to tell them the city is worth saving." Cas says steadily.

"No --" Dean whines. But he can't give such a name, because there is none.

He turns to Sam for support with teary eyes. "Sam, come on, you're with me, right? Tell him that people can be changed!"

Sam hesitates.

There is another sound outside the door, like footsteps moving. He glances at the door once, then looks back at his brother.

"I don't know," he says reasonably. "I'm sorry. Maybe you're right, but maybe they're beyond saving. You have tried for at least ten years, and you're still the only one truly believing. I think that said a lot. I'm just trying to be realistic here."

Dean shakes his head, devastated.

"So... that destroying everything, it will happen after you go back and finish your report?" Sam asks hesitantly.

"Yes," Cas nods slowly. "I'm not able to fly back anymore, but once I'm well enough, once I can gather enough energy to inform one of my brothers and sisters, letting them hear me and pass my words for me. This will start."

"Then I'll make sure you never send out that report!" John breaks open the door and runs in, with a long blade in one hand and a carved brass knuckle in the other.
