---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Last Righteous Man and Last Angel In the City - I. City of Sins（1）
date: 2025-07-12 19:19
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester", "Sam Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 SPN Eldritch Big Bang
long_novels: 【Destiel】Last Righteous Man and Last Angel In the City
---

Dean shuts the door, but leaves it unlocked. He lowers the shades, too. The room falls into grey dimness. He lights the candles, placing them in the center of the dining table, shadowing the room with wavering light. There is baked unleavened bread on the desk, ready to serve.

It's not really night yet, outside. The sun is setting; the street in the dusk is still busy with the men of the city, young and old. He knows every one of them -- Sodom isn't a big city, everyone knows everyone here. So whenever there is someone from outside comes to the city, all of them know.

The men of the city are heading to the town square -- almost all of them, if they are not otherwise occupied. The sound from the street and outside is muffled, with the door and windows closed. But the sound from the square still sneaks in through the cracks -- loud, cheerful voices of men, and an unintelligible, squeaky, high-pitched scream.

Dean busies himself with cleaning the room, turning his back against the window.

The voices quiet down eventually. The uproar in the square recedes slowly.

"What's happening out there?" his young brother asks, lifting himself up from the bed, breathing heavily from the effort. He has been resting for the whole day until now, but he still looks pale and tired, coughing now and then. His young body is lean, his footsteps shaky on his way to sitting by the table.

Dean's not sure if it's the noise outside that woke Sam up or the lack of it. He rushes to give him a hand, supporting his weight.

"A newcomer arrived at the city earlier," he says simply, focusing on ensuring Sam sits steadily on the chair, pulling the basket of bread closer for him to reach.

"A merchant?" Sam takes a piece of bread, tearing it from one end, chewing slowly. He grimaces when he swallows, and then carefully proceeds with the next bite.

"An angel," Dean tells him.

"A real angel?" Sam looks up at him.

Dean shrugs slightly. "Don't think anyone would be interested in faking one," he says. "Not the first one in the city, probably not the last one either."

"Why aren't you out there then?" Sam asks, genuinely curious, if not a little confused.

"Why would I?" Dean asks plainly, edging away from their dining table, fidgeting in the kitchen to fill the wine and water bottle, facing away from the door and Sam.

Sam turns in the seat slightly to glance at the back of his brother. "Well, I believe everyone else is, and I bet Dad too."

"You don't know what they're doing to them out there." Dean says glumly, "And I hope you never would."

Sam opens his mouth, just in time for the door to open and their father walks in. His removed jacket hangs on his arms. He leaves it on the rack by the door, heading straight to the kitchen to rinse his hands, passing by Dean. Dean pretends he doesn't see the blood on his knuckles and broken feathers falling between his fingers.

"You look well today," John finishes up, wiping his hand on a kitchen rag, moving to sit down at the table, checking Sam up.

"I feel better too," Sam nods, then asks, "How's the angel, Dad?"

"So you heard." John flashes a glance at Dean once quickly. "They are peculiar creatures. We did what we enjoy, and now we know him in every sense."

The word *"know"* has many meanings, and Dean knows well enough that it's the worst kind in this sentence.

"Which is blasphemous and immoral." Dean can't help himself  from snapping, bringing the wine and water bottle over, putting them down on the table with a little too much force. "It's not right."

"I see your brother is still the same, innocent and difficult," John says sourly, still facing Sam. "Morality has nothing to do here, or piety. They're just some creature with wings, nothing so special. How many times do I need to remind you: when in Sodom, do as Sodoms do. It's nothing wrong when everyone's doing the same."

"It still is," Dean sits down at the table, bitter. "Why can't we move out of this city? I don't want to live like this, be like them." *I don't want to be like you.* He doesn't say.

John shrugs nonchalantly, undisturbed, just continues chewing and eating the bread. He answers after washing it down with a sup of wine. "Sam's not well for travelling, you know it. And where do you suggest we go? Gomorrah? Why would we even go farther east when we have a good life here? You should feel lucky to have a place to live in this city, boy."

Dean swallows, lowering his head, defeated. He glances in the direction of the door, thinking of the high-pitched sound he heard. The bread in his throat forms a lump, dry and cold. "Where is that angel now?"

John squints at him, eyes piercing through his skull, as if reading his mind. "Gone, dead, somewhere. I don't know. I don't care," he says casually. "And don't you even think about going out there to get yourself into stupid troubles, like disturbing people with nonsense like they shouldn't have fun as they please."

"That's not nonsense!" Dean protests futilely, sensing the burning gaze on his skull without having to look up.

"Having some wings and coming from the sky doesn't make them holy. We make them whores and playtoys and punchbags, and that's exactly what they are!" John snaps, throwing the bread back into the basket. "Those flying creatures are nothing more than entertainment to us. They are no stronger than us, no more powerful than us. We put them in chains and cuffs, and they can't move; we draw a circle with sigils, and they can't run; we beat them, and they bruise; we cut them, and they bleed. So tell me, why should we fear them or worship them?"

Dean wonders distantly who's the first sicko to discover the sigils that work on the angels, and all those carved brass knuckles, cuffs, blades, and the oil from Jerusalem (It's a short trip after all, Jerusalem is only a day or two's distance away to the west, even faster with camels).

"It's just not right. Why can't anyone see it?" Dean's voice drops, tired. He's tearing the bread between his fingers into small pieces with too much force, without eating it.

John points a finger at him, so close it almost pokes into his head. "Why can't *you* just be normal, like everyone else? You stop those stupid fancy little ideas of angels, or next time I make you come to the town square with me. Maybe you will understand once you try it. You hear me? Do you want that?"

Dean forces the lump in his throat down in a hard swallow. He can feel Sam's eyes on him, too.

The air in the room waits in uncomfortable silence.

"No, Sir. I hear you. I'll stop." Dean forces himself to answer, voice quiet.

"Good." John picks the bread again and resumes eating.

The dinner continues under the feint of quiet peace. The candle lights sway as they burn lower, the shadow in the room darker as time goes by.

Sam clears his throat. "Is there any other news out there, Dad?"

"Leah gave birth to a boy. Many are invited to witness." John answers absentmindedly.

"Not her husband's, I presume?" Sam asks, voice natural, just slightly curious. As if it's the most common thing to witness around here.

"Martin's," John says simply.

"Our rich neighbor Martin?" Sam chuckles, "He must have, what, like four kids with four different women now?"

John gives him a look, "Like most men in the city, yes. He has desires, so does everyone. There is no point in restraining what a man enjoys doing."

Dean leaves the table for the dishes, letting the running water help tune out the rest of their conversation.
