---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Last Righteous Man and Last Angel In the City - VII. The Soul
date: 2025-10-29 18:56
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 SPN Eldritch Big Bang
long_novels: 【Destiel】Last Righteous Man and Last Angel In the City
---

Castiel is standing before the window, looking outside. The shade is half open.

It's dark outside. Dean knows there isn't much view to see, for he has stood in the exact spot staring at the street before.

But the angel is standing there, stiffly straight, without moving an inch. Like a perfectly still statue.

He's wearing the black tunic he came with on the first day. Dean assumes he must have found the cloth bundle under the bed, along with all the broken feathers, that Dean picked and held so close to his chest once.

Then he remembers how torn it was. But now it seems all perfectly fixed.

It must also be one of the angel's abilities, then, he guesses.

Castiel doesn't show a sign that he hears the door opening.

Dean stands at the thin slit of the opening, watching his back. The tunic covers his body, but doesn't hide his wings. The burned feathers are not healing, but the torn and broken ones are. The broken joints are no longer limping lifelessly behind his back. Instead, they are now stretching upward, holding newly grown feathers. Dean can tell they are young feathers because the color is a shade lighter than the rest.

He stares at them, fascinated.

And his courage runs thin just as quickly as he gathers it.

Dean bites his bottom lip hard, trying to close the door without making a sound.

Then he hears the angel call him.

"Dean," Castiel says, with his deep voice, before turning back from the window.

His face is half hidden in the shadow of his wings. The dim bedside oil lamp barely lights half the room, the flame flickering as the wings carrying wind when he moves.

Dean freezes in his attempt to leave.

"Cas -- Castiel," Dean answers numbly, stepping slowly into the room. His hand lingers on the door handle.

"You haven't come for days." The angel moves closer, folding his wings, so that more light gets cast on Dean's face.

Dean dodges his eyes. "I don't want to disturb your rest," he mumbles. *I don't know if you'd still be here. I thought you'd hate me.* His mind supplies.

Castiel tilts his head slightly to the side, studying his face. "I rested very well, thank you," he answers kindly, then, "I missed you."

Dean startles, jerking his head up, caught in the angel's eyes. His throat forgets how to work. His hand automatically closes the door behind him. "We didn't exactly part as friends last time," he blurts out, pressing his back against the door, as if trying to keep himself as far away from the angel as possible. As if, he doesn't allow himself to get any closer.

*I hurt you.* He bites his bottom lip hard, thinking. *And now, I'm here to hurt you again.*

Cas moves closer, shaking his head. "It wasn't your fault," his voice is quiet. "I should know you didn't mean it. It... it's not your fault."

They are standing mere inches away now. Dean swallows, glancing at the angel, unsure of himself. He can see the flickering eyelashes and the change of color in the angel's pupils. He sees his own reflection. *When did they move this close?*

His breath speeds up when Cas's gaze drops to his lips. He swallows again, and closes his eyes.

Cas's lips move to the corner of his lips, stroking carefully. Dean reaches out automatically to hold him, rounding behind his back, holding between his shoulder blades. His fingers run into the angel's wings.

Cas makes a small contented sigh, drinking his lips more fiercely, pressing him against the door, holding his head. Dean feels the flow of warmth rise from his spine again, pumping in his veins along with every beat of his heart. He lets his body relax, letting Cas take control.

Time and space stretch around them, losing meaning.

When Cas pulls back, they are both panting. The room settles back around them.

Dean can see his own reflection in the angel's dilated pupils. But he doesn't know how to read the other things in there, so he turns his head away, staring at the bed instead.

Cas moves back slightly, giving him more space.

"Does it help?" Dean stutters.

"What?" Cas raises his eyebrows.

"My soul." Dean draws small circles on his chest where the heart is, as if pointing at where his soul is. "That's... that's for connecting with my soul to help you heal, isn't it?" *What else can it be?* His mind says.

Cas sighs, taking a step back, running a hand through his rustled hair. Dean finds it such a human move.

"No, it's not," Cas tells him. Dean doesn't understand.

"It's not *just* to help me heal." Cas clarifies. "I hear it's human's expression for many things: appreciation, admiration, care."

Dean blinks slowly. "You..." he stares at the angel as if he just grew two more heads or three more arms. "It can't be. You're an angel, and I'm..." his voice trails off. *I'm just a human. I'm nobody. I'm Son of John, citizen of the sinned city of Sodom.*

"You're different from anyone else I've ever seen, and I've seen every human since my Father created the light. And yet, you're the most beautiful, the brightest soul of them all." Cas tells him, stroking a hand beside his cheek. Dean leans into it, still holding their gaze, breathing shallow.

"Even in a city like this, you haven't stopped trying to save people, to save angels. You are truly a righteous man." Cas leans in again, more gently this time, searching for his lips. "That makes you just as powerful and special as an angel, and even more."

Dean whimpers quietly, letting the thumb of the angel wipe away his tears. He doesn't know when they gather or when they fall. He only sees Cas's gentle eyes, and he holds him tight. He kisses back carefully.

"I'm sorry." When they pause to take a breath, Dean says, leaning his forehead against Cas's, his fingers fumbling from the angel's cheek to his throat, searching quietly. He doesn't find a cut there now.

"What for?" Cas asks, pulling back slowly.

"I was thinking about hurting you again, when I came into the room," Dean confesses, ashamed of himself. "I was desperate to save my brother. But don't worry, I'll go look for another way."

Cas catches Dean's fingers in his palm, stopping his search. "You don't have to worry about hurting me. I trust you mean well. Why don't you let me meet Sam? Maybe there is something I can do for him, like you did for me."

Dean widens his eyes in surprise and joy. He nods, relief and hope filling his chest. "Yeah, yeah -- Sam would like that, too."
