---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Last Righteous Man and Last Angel In the City - V. The Sins
date: 2025-10-29 02:36
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 SPN Eldritch Big Bang
long_novels: 【Destiel】Last Righteous Man and Last Angel In the City
---

**Warning before chapter:** Mentions of accidental dub-con, accidental frottage, trauma trigger, PTSD

<br>

Cas is barely conscious for the first two days.

Dean doubts if he even realizes he's not in Martin's cellar anymore. Or that he's now lying on a real, proper bed, covered by Dean's throw blanket. It's not a luxurious smooth thing, but it's the best Dean can get for him, and it's warm.

He's not sure if the angel would prefer to be dressed in what way, either, so he merely cleans up the blood and other stains on his body, giving him a careful wipe all over, avoiding the wounds that look too nasty. He tucks Cas into his bed, making sure he lies in a comfortable posture, including his wings.

Cas's wings look awful. The limp wing bones droop against his shoulder blades, falling to the floor lifelessly. The left wing twists even worse, sticking out at the first joint. Sparse feathers hang on the wing bones pitifully, standing in all directions, many of them more or less burned, the dark black color coated with charred reddish brown.

Dean's fingers stroke gently against the feathers at the far ends, feeling his heart pained. The angel doesn't stir on the bed.

He gathers the courage to bury his fingers into the feathers, combing through them carefully, straightening them up. The soft sensation of the feathers soothes him, so he continues with it until the two wings look better.

He manages to put together a rough splint, too, from the leftover materials in a shop he helped once in a while. He hopes he's doing it right, instead of making it worse.

After all these are done, Dean sits in the chair next to the bed, just watching the angel.

Cas's breathing comes steadier after the first day.

And after the second, most of the open wounds on his skin are healed, leaving only shallow silvery tracks like scar tissue for the deep ones. Dean hesitates to check under the cover, but he does it anyway. The angel's skin is smooth and clean where the blood once covered. It earns a smile on Dean's face.

"You're beautiful, angel, did I tell you that?" Dean murmurs quietly, sitting back in the chair. His back hurts a little from sleeping on the chair two days in a row, but he thinks it doesn't matter.

Cas wakes up on the third day when Dean is having dinner in the dining room with his brother and his father. They all hear the tumbling sound from his room.

John narrows his eyes. "Did you forget to cuff him?"

Dean throws the bread back to the table, rushing to his room without answering.

Cas visibly winces when the door is opened and Dean walks in. He holds to the cover and shifts to the far end when Dean walks closer. His eyes flicker with confusion and guilt, shifting between the bedside table and Dean.

Dean follows his eyes. The cuffs and blade lie there. His heart clenches, kicking himself.

"I'm... I'm ready." Cas opens his mouth. His voice is husky.

"Ready for what?" Dean quietly takes those ugly torture tools away.

"Punishment," Cas answers readily, watching his moves. He flinches again when Dean moves closer to the bed with the tools in his hand, but as Dean slides them under the bed, out of sight, he tilts his head in confusion.

Cas asks him, "Are you not going to cuff me, or kill me? I did deserve that, after all."

Dean rubs his chest, trying vainly to release the tight sensation there. "No," he reassures him, lowering his voice. "I was just saying that so I could get you out. Now that you're awake and well again, you're free to go."

Cas blinks. "Where do I go?"

Dean frowns at him. "Heaven. Or, I don't know, where do you come from? Where's your home?"

Cas smiles bitterly. "Nowhere now," he answers drily. "I'm already distained by humans, I'm dirty now." He waves a hand at his body. "Heaven loathes any celestial form distained by mankind, that's why Nephilim is the biggest taboo. I doubt if Heaven would still want me in now."

His eyes meet Dean's. The lingering facsimile of a smile is still hanging there, but it's so bitter and sad that Dean can't breathe.

Dean is choked for a second before asking, "What about you fly there and try to ask them nicely? It's not your fault; maybe they'll forgive you."

Cas drops his eyes to his wings, even more sad. "They're burnt by the holy fire. I can't heal them. I don't think I can fly ever again." His eyes linger on the rough splints Dean made him, looking at them fondly. "I appreciate the help."

"There's gotta be something to help you!" Dean blurts out, teary-eyed.

Cas shifts his gaze to Dean, studying his face. "Why do you care so much?" he asks, genuinely curious. But Dean feels he's been kicked in the stomach again.

"I..." he doesn't really have a good answer. Or any answer at all. He struggles with words. "I think, the problem is not me, it's everyone who's not caring. I'm sorry for everyone hurting you. I'm sorry for the whole city."

"Dean," Cas says simply, one word but full of meaning.

Dean hasn't finished. "I'm sorry that none of them have faith or believe in angels anymore." He shakes his head, lowering his eyes, feeling ashamed for being a human in this city, among those others.

Cas looks at him, without blinking. "But you still do?"

"Yes," Dean answers easily. "Always. I'm not like them."

"May I ask why?" Cas goes.

Dean sits down on the edge of the bed, thinking, memorizing. It's been a while since he talked about this -- if he ever did. "My mom passed away when I was young," he starts slowly, staring at the wall behind Cas, unfocused. "It's been so long that I think I'm starting to forget what she looks like, but I always remember what she taught me. She taught me to always be kind to my neighbors, be good to the elderly, care for everyone like they're all my brothers; she taught me to have faith, that the Lord my God had plans for everyone. So I don't need to be scared when she was dying, she said we'll meet again, in Heaven, if I continued to believe, to serve the Lord. She said angels are watching over me, every night before I went to bed, and I believed."

Cas listens quietly, eyes bright and hopeful.

Dean glances at him sheepishly. "It must be childish, hearing a human talk like this. You're an Angel, after all."

Cas shakes his head gently. "It's fascinating," he tells Dean, soothing him. "It's beautiful. I'd like to learn more."

So Dean continues, "I tried to teach Sammy -- my baby brother -- the same. He was even younger when mom died, so he didn't remember much. I tried to teach him what mom taught me, and I think he's decent. Not as believing as I am, but so much better than everyone else. I just hope dad could stop... " he takes a breath there, stopping himself, and restarting the sentence. "Anyway, I think that should be the right way to live, to keep everyone safe and at peace. I hope the whole world is like this." He fidgets with his fingers uneasily.

Cas watches him, answering slowly. "But not the whole world is like this."

Dean huffs with frustration, shaking his head. "I can't even make one neighbor change. I tried, I really tried. But I don't know why, everyone in this city is like what they described as 'sinned'. I thought about leaving the city."

"Why didn't you?"

Dean flashes a glare at his room door. "I asked, but Dad said Sammy is not well enough to travel. And I'm still too young to make the decision for the family. I'm only here for Sam." His frown deepens slightly. "I just hope I know what his illness is. I tried everything, all the doctors, medicines, and herbs. But it seems all of them are just helping him to stabilize, but none of them are fully healing him."

"What's your theory?" Cas shifts in his position.

"Mom said that must also be God's plan; we don't need to know, just have to do our best. I think it might be some punishment, for what I didn't do good enough, or dad's... I'm trying so hard to compensate for it for all of us, by doing good, saving people." He lowers his head again, his voice especially quiet at the last words.

"By saving angels." Cas realizes. "You hope, by saving me, it can help your brother."

"Yes --" Dean looks up, finding the angel's hurt eyes. He adds quickly, "No! Shit! Cas, sorry, that's not what I mean. I care about you, not just for that!"

Castiel fumbles under the cover, pulling it down slightly, making an effort as if he tries to sit up. And Dean thinks, *He looks like he's trying to leave.* His eyes start burning hot.

"Cas, I'm sorry! It came out wrong. I'm not using you or anything," Dean rushes, panicked. Words tumbling in his mouth, stop making sense. He doesn't know how to fix it, and he's scared. He reaches out to hold the angel's hand across the cover.

Castiel looks at him kindly, with a look more like angels now -- more distant, more grand. "It's okay, Dean. I understand. Caring for your brother, it's nothing to be ashamed of. It makes you righteous. I'm glad to see there is still at least one righteous man left in the city; it might still have hope."

Dean nods numbly, wetting his dried lips, not finding it soothing.

Castiel pulls himself up from the bed, straightening to lean on the headboard.

Dean's eyes flicker down at the angel's elegant, bare torso. The color of the skin is a healthy tan now, without the discoloring or the paling from blood loss. His chest lifts and falls as he breathes, showing vague lines of muscle on his abdomen.

Dean swallows, forcing his eyes to stay on the bedside table instead. He tries hard to ignore the heat pulling at his groin.

"Are you..." he hears himself ask. "Are you leaving now?"

He sees Castiel shake his head from the peripheral of his eyes. The angel answers plainly, "My grace is not strong enough. I will need more time to heal before I can even leave this bed."

Dean nods mechanically. "I'm sorry," he says again, realizing he's using this sentence quite a lot today. "If it's not for me, you wouldn't have to face my dad like that. I'm sorry for causing more pain. I haven't thanked you for giving me that dose of grace -- you could have used it yourself."

"If we're counting the mistakes, then I'm sorry for hurting you in the first place," Castiel replies formally. "You already thanked me by taking me away from those other humans."

Dean chuckles, with some difficulty. "Sounds like we're squared, then."

"Yes. We don't owe each other anything now," the angel answers with a nod.

*That's not what I mean.* Dean thinks bitterly, wiping his face in frustration. He doesn't want them to "not owe each other." He doesn't want Cas to look at him like he's just one of the millions of humans, just like Cas isn't just one of the many angels.

Dean starts slowly, choosing words carefully, "When I first saw you that day, outside the gate, I saw the real, complete you. I saw the light surrounding you, lighting you up; I heard the thunder when you first set foot on the land; in the shadow of the sand and morning fog, I still saw your wings, beautiful and powerful." He takes a slow breath, decidedly not to glance at the angel to see his reaction to his words, but he can still feel the gaze on his skull. "The sun was rising in the east, and you came from the west. I remember thinking, right then, I was so glad I believed in you, because you were like the sun, you were even brighter than the sun. That day when I had to leave, I remember thinking, praying that I could see you again."

He looks up then, running into a pair of eyes so blue that the sky would be ashamed of its color. It's just like his eyes on the first day. Dean swallows, but forces himself to continue, "Then I came back, and they told me you were gone. It destroyed me like the sun was taken away from me. I spent days looking for you, I searched the whole city for you, because deep down, I think, I believe you would still be here. The sun wouldn't be so easily dimmed, nor will you. I'm so glad I found you again. I just wish I could do something more to help you. Anything you ask, I'll do it."

He swallows again, waiting. His heart pounds so loud in his chest that he's afraid he can hear nothing but blood pulsing in his ear.

Cas smiles. It's a full blossom smile, spreading across his face like spring arriving in the Valley, like warm wind carrying the fragrance of the honey and milk. The hard edges and guards that were in his eyes minutes ago soften away, melting into a pure, genuine happiness. He smiles, and he says, "There is."

He tells Dean there is one way that can recharge his grace quickly, help him heal faster.

"Anything," Dean says promptly. "What do you need from me?"

"It's your soul, Dean," Cas says, still holding their gaze with that bright smile. "Your soul is so bright when you were saying that. I think, connecting with your soul energy can fill my missing grace."

"What should I do?"

Cas reaches out a hand to land on Dean's arm. "Come closer," he whispers quietly.

Dean leans in, but then his legs get in the way of getting even closer. He moves onto the bed and practically sits on the angel's lap.

Cas's eyes focus on his lips.

Dean swallows, nodding once, dropping his eyes to stare at the angel's lips.

Cas's hand moves behind Dean's ear, pressing their lips close.

A warm flow leaps up from his spine, rising all the way to his scalp, making his whole body shiver.

Cas's lips are dry and cracked, but softer than they look. Automatically, Dean kisses back, caressing the angel's lips with his lips and tongue, licking him with a dip of wetness. Cas opens his mouth slightly. Dean's tongue slides in.

Even Dean can feel that open channel of energy flow now. There is electricity shaking his heart, sending shivers to his brain, his lips, all over his body.

He sits closer, grasping Cas's hair behind his ears, pulling their bodies together. The angel's bare chest presses against his, with only his thin tunic standing in between. Dean moves his hips unconsciously, melting in the overwhelming sensation, edging closely. He spreads his legs wider, automatically rubbing his arousal against the clothes, looking for friction.

Cas makes a startled sound at that, gasping loudly for air, pushing his chest hard, pulling away with wild, panicked eyes. His body is shivering involuntarily.

Dean freezes at the sudden change, opening his eyes in confusion.

The angel's eyes land on his bulge under the tunic, dragging the throw blanket to cover his body. "No, not you too," he gasps, putting more distance between them on the bed. Rage and humiliation flash by his eyes, followed closely by fear.

*Oh, God.* Dean remembers the way Cas lies helplessly in that cellar, naked, with his hands cuffed to the wall. The room smelt of blood and come. He remembers decidedly not to think of the dried white stains on his body when he was cleaning him up. He remembers the way those two people, Martin and Arthur, talked about him outside the door, when they had just finished violating him.

Cas is looking at him like he's one of those people.

*Oh God. What has he done?*

Dean stumbles off the bed, stepping back until his back is pressed to the farthest wall. "I'm sorry, I'm so sorry," he murmurs, repeating it, feeling the words taste dry and bloody on his tongue. The words are pale; the words don't do anything except for being just words. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean it. I truly --"

"Go," Castiel closes his eyes, leaning his head on the headboard.

"I --"

"Get out," the angel snaps, clenching the blanket desperately, as if hoping this can stop his body from shaking. Dean wants nothing more than to soothe his shoulder, pat his back, hold him in his arms in a hug, tell him he's safe, but he doesn't dare to do any of that. He doesn't think he's allowed anymore.

"Please," Castiel adds, slightly softer. His eyes are shut tight, refusing to look at him again. His face is in pain, as if all that has happened to him in the past days is flashing back before his eyes.

Dean never resents himself more than in this moment.

He flees out of the room.
