---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Last Righteous Man and Last Angel In the City - IV. The Blood
date: 2025-10-28 23:07
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 SPN Eldritch Big Bang
long_novels: 【Destiel】Last Righteous Man and Last Angel In the City
---

**Warning before chapter:** Very painful, vivid, graphic depictions of violence, physical abuse. Very extreme depiction of an abusive John.

It can be painful to read. Because it's very painful to write.

Proceed with discretion.

<br>

Dean starts to feel his limbs cold and numb, with all the blood he's losing. He decides to lie down on the floor for a bit.

The ground is cold and hard, and sticky. He wonders if that's how Castiel spends the whole week, day and night.

"Hey," he whispers, glancing aside to look for the angel, his voice barely louder than the sound of fire burning the oil. He feels his whole body tired, his vision blurry.

Castiel is kneeling beside him, looking helpless. The blade is dropped to the ground next to him. The flame reflects in his pupils, flickering brightly and wildly.

It reminds him of the first time they met. Dean thinks. That sun rise, the lightning cracking the sky open. That beautiful, brilliant light coming from the angel.

And now, look at them.

Both trapped and bloody.

Dean takes a breath, locking his eyes with the angel. Even breathing hurts, he wonders how deep the cut is. But he pushes that thought aside.

"It's okay," he tells the angel. "And I'm sorry. Looks like I can't help you out now." He pulls a sad smile.

Castiel looks at him so intensely. "I'm sorry, Dean," he says, voice rolling deep and miserable. "I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to..."

"I know, I know." Dean rushes eagerly. It makes the pain in the stomach even worse. He grimaces. "It's not your fault."

"What can I do for you?" the angel studies his face, asking. "To make you more comfortable?"

Dean huffs bitterly. There is nothing called "comfortable" right now. But he indulges him, telling him, "I'm cold."

Castiel reaches over him to drag the dropped robe over, covering it on Dean's body.

Dean huffs another small laugh. "It's supposed to be for you, you know. Thought you could use some cover." He makes a small nod toward Castiel's bare body.

Castiel shakes his head. "It is not of import," he says, tugging the robe higher to cover most of Dean's body. His fingers brush Dean's chin for a second. "Is it better?"

It doesn't make much difference, but it feels nice during that blink of touch. So Dean smiles at him weakly. "Yes."

The stickiness between his fingers feels thinner now, but the drowsiness is hitting him hard. Dean finds his eyelids growing heavier and heavier, closing slowly.

"Dean, don't die, please." Castiel puts his hand on Dean's shoulder, tone pleading.

It sounds like, *Don't leave me alone. Don't leave me with them again.* Dean thinks.

He complies, struggling to open up his eyes again, running into the angel's worried face.

The angel moves his hands to his wound, staring and frowning with focus, as if he's trying something really hard; he's trying to do something with his wound.

"What are you doing?" Dean asks.

"Healing you," Castiel answers with sad, sad eyes. "But it's not working. I think it's the sigils; it's blocking my grace. I can't even heal myself."

"I'm useless." He slumps back, sitting on his heels, looking defeated.

"Grace," Dean murmurs slowly, eyes widening, remembering. "The flask. In my pocket. It has some of your grace. Would it help you?"

Dean tries to move his fingers to reach for the robe's pocket, but Castiel moves faster, taking it out, holding it with two hands. He stares at its inside with fascination. Thin thread light of grace starts slowly flowing out of its opening once the cap is removed.

"Yes," Castiel looks at the light longingly. "Yes, it does. It can make me stronger."

"Take it," Dean tells him. "It's yours, anyway."

"But I don't know if it will make me strong enough to break the sigil." Castiel eyes the flask, then looks down at Dean's cut.

He leans over to put the flask against Dean's mouth instead.

"What's that for?!" Dean tries to keep his mouth shut before any of the light flies into him. He stares at the angel in confusion.

Castiel tilts the flask even more, letting the light fly out more easily. He answers quietly, "It might not be so useful for me, but it can definitely heal you. You should take it."

"Don't do this, Cas! You need it, you're hurt!" Dean protests. But even as he speaks, he can feel the bone-deep tiredness and drowsiness come back, his vision starts blurring, and his lips falling limp.

"You need it more," Castiel insists, feeding the grace into him.

Light flows smoothly from the flask into Dean's mouth, traveling through his veins. It starts off with a warm sensation, and soon it turns burning hot. Dean's eyes snap open, gasping in surprise. The heated grace moves through his vein, curing his wounded shoulder and bruised leg along the way, converging on the lower abdomen.

He peels off the robe and removes his hands. The white-blue light knits against his skin like magic needles and thread. The pain is released quickly, the muscle and skin feel itching, then grow strong and tight again. He wipes the blood away with his clothes. That long, nasty gash is already gone, his skin smooth and healthy, leaving no sign of a cut except for the tear on his cloth.

"Wow," Dean exclaims. "That's... that's a miracle." He looks up at Cas with awe in his eyes. "You really are an Angel."

Castiel finally shows a small curl on the tips of his lips. "I'm glad it worked."

Dean props himself up, thinking about reaching to give the angel a hug, telling him, it's not an *it* that saved him, it's *him*, when two sets of footsteps storm down the stairs.

"Where is my son? Where is the filthy thing? I'll kill it." John shouts, bursting through the door.

Dean startles, leaning away from the angel. "Dad!" he pulls himself together. "I'm fine! See, I'm okay!" He gets to his feet, trying to show his father where the wound was but now healed. "He saved me!"

But John ignores him, stepping across the fire circle, grasping the angel by the left wing, dragging him over from the kneeling position, then kicking him on the chest.

Castiel doesn't resist. John's shoe hits him hard and his body flies back, but his wing is still clenched in John's fist.

Dean hears a clear crack in his wing bone.

"Dad! Stop!" he cries out, throwing himself to the angel, covering him with his own body, carefully holding his shoulders.

John shoves him aside. "This thing could have killed you! What kind of father would I be if I just let it walk away free?"

He drags the angel closer again, choking his throat in one hand, hauling him toward the burning fire circle. The tip of his feathers catches fire first, curled and charred in an instant. The fire climbs to his skin next. Anywhere the flame touches, his skin burns and recoils, starting to leak the white-blue light like his body is nothing more than a thin layer of skin that contains the light. A high-pitched sound starts echoing in the claustrophobic space.

"Try the holy oil, you son of a bitch!" John growls at the angel.

Castiel's body lies limp in John's hand, and light starts gathering in his mouth and eyes. He struggles to lift his eyes to search for Dean.

"I'm sorry, Dean, for hurting you," he chokes, can't forming a complete sentence through the tightened hand on his throat. "I deserve this."

"Goodbye, Dean," he says, then closes his eyes and waits.

Dean picks up the blade that the angel dropped earlier, pointing it at John. His voice broken and devastated, "STOP THIS! NOW!"

John pulls the angel back from the fire slightly, eying the blade incredulously. "What are you going to do, Dean? Killing your father for this thing?"

Dean lets out a bitter laugh, reciting. "*Honor your father and your mother, that your days may be long in the land that the Lord your God is giving you.* You may have no faith and don't care about the Ten Commandments, but I still do." He shifts the blade, pointing it at Cas instead.

He swallows, then tells John, "No, I will not kill you, father. I was thinking about blood for blood. The angel almost killed me, then *I* should be the one to punish him, not you." He stares at John in the eyes, waiting.

John looks at him, eyes shifting between his steady gaze and his hands that hold the blade. Old blood coats its edge and hilt.

Time is stretched long and agonizingly slow.

Only the sound of the burning flame cracking around them.

It's as if everyone has stopped breathing. Waiting.

It's like the judgment day, and mankind is waiting for their judgment.

Dean's eyes burn with dryness from staring too long without blinking. He doesn't notice it.

John pulls Castiel back, throwing him back onto the floor before him. "Fine," he snaps. "Suit yourself. Kill him, then."

Dean's shoulders slump. He drops the blade, throws himself over to the angel, holding his shoulders, shaking slightly.

More burned feathers fall from his wings, piling on the ground. The angel's face is more pale than ever, blood streaming from the corner of his mouth, eyes glassy, breathing shallowly, barely but still alive.

Dean cradles his body in his arms, like holding a fragile thing.

John kicks the blade so it slides next to his hands. "What are you still waiting for? Go ahead, finish it."

Dean takes a deep breath, looking up. "It would be too easy for him to just die like this. I'm not done with torturing him yet. He should feel more pain, for everything he put me through."

He glances between John and Martin, focusing on his father, "We should take him home, so I can continue the punishment."

John and Martin exchange a look.

"No," Martin protests. "He's my property!"

John turns to him. "My boy has a point. It's blood debt; he should be the one to decide his fate. Besides, you don't *own* him. He came to the city; he's all of ours."

Martin scowls at him, shifting between John and Dean, eyes lingering on the bare angel. "Fine," he grits out at last.

John regards the enslaving set the cellar has. "Mind if we take the cuffs and those things, too? It could come in handy."

Martin glares at him harder, answering bitterly, "Sure." He stomps out.

Dean wraps Cas in his robe, and carries him home in his arms.

They don't have a cellar like those rich people's houses, nor a spare room.

"I'll just lock him in my room, then," Dean says, carrying Cas into his room before John can say anything.

He takes the cuffs and blade from his father, then locks the door.
