---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Last Righteous Man and Last Angel In the City - XI. Save the Righteous Man
date: 2025-10-29 23:55
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester", "Balthazar"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 SPN Eldritch Big Bang
long_novels: 【Destiel】Last Righteous Man and Last Angel In the City
---

They can sense the heat of fire and the smell of sulfur from where they stand. Half the sky is burned red and black. Smoke rising high and thick, covering the cloud. They can hear people screaming.

Cas covers the brothers with his wings, protecting their eyes.

"Don't look," he says, low and sad, "Don't look back. There's nothing left for you there."

Dean buries his face on Cas's shoulder, feeling the warmth of full, thick feathers covering his back. He breathes sky.

He closes his eyes, and briefly, he can forget the burning city.

Tears are still falling down.

There are still a thousand lives he can't save, after all.

And what gives them the right to decide, only the three of them get to survive? Including his father, of all the people?

It's not fair.

Dean sobs quietly, feeling Cas's hand stroking his back in small circles.

"It will be okay," he hears the angel promising. "It will be okay."

And for a moment, he believes him.

Cas lets them go, after a while, just standing there with them, their back toward the city. The city is still burning, but they force themselves not to turn and watch.

John wakes up with a moan and picks himself up from the ground.

"What's happening?" he rubs his head, slowly turning.

"Don't look back, dad!" Sam yells.

But it's too late. John already turns to face the burning city, staring with a gaped mouth. His body freezes exactly as he is, and before their shocked eyes, John turns into a pillar of salt.

"Holy!" Sam exclaims, covering his mouth.

Dean just stares, not blinking.

The pillar of salt still holds John's figure, carving out lines on his face, the frown between his eyebrows. But that's all the resemblance. Life leaves him, and Dean just stares, not knowing what that feeling inside his chest should be called.

He doesn't feel grief.

But he also doesn't want to think if it's relief.

So he just stares.

Cas puts a hand on his shoulder gently. "You okay?" he asks.

Dean nods numbly.

"Feeling better?" Balthazar's voice sounds up unexpectedly.

Dean doesn't see him until now.

The angel holds a chunk of salt stone with white blue light in it. He holds it like a weapon.

Dean swallows. "I don't know."

Cas says quietly, "You don't have to do that."

Balthazar points at the sky again. "Order from Upstairs." Then whispers, "Boss's friendly gesture, I think, trying to earn his faith back." He tilts his head to Dean, and Cas follows his eyes. "I don't want to get kicked in the ass again. It's scary. I almost thought I'd get skinned when he knew the righteous man lost faith." Balthazar makes the pretense of a shiver. Cas's lips purse thinner at that.

"What now?" Dean asks slowly, then.

"What do you mean?" Balthazar asks back. "It's over."

"What does it leave me and Sammy? We are all alone in this world now; everyone we knew is dead."

"How's that different from before?" Balthazar quips.

Dean blinks, and Sam hums.

"You're free now," Cas tells them gently. "You can live wherever you want, the way you want. Zoar is a peaceful little town, smaller than Sodom; I think you'll like it."

Dean glances behind them. The town is quiet and indeed very small. It might be good, he thinks. He's not sure he wants to meet many people now.

"Okay," he says.

He takes a step toward Cas, standing before him, looking at the angel. Really looking. The blue in the angel's eyes is not simple monotonous blue, he notices, it's like rings, darker on the outside, lighter near the center. It looks like stars. He stares and studies, wanting to brand the memory in the deepest of his soul.

"Will I ever see you again?" Dean asks quietly.

"Yes," Cas answers promptly. "I promise you will. I will watch over you."

"Even after I die and go to Hell?" He asks, not sad. Accepted.

Cas widens his eyes slightly. "What makes you think you'll go to Hell?"

Dean smiles faintly. "I know how it works. I don't believe anymore, and I have blood in my hands. No way I'd be going to Heaven."

Balthazar clears his throat beside them. "If I may," he raises his hand. The two of them turn to him. "You're not going to Hell," he says.

"See, nothing to worry about," Cas says, relieved. "It's not on you."

"But not to Heaven, either." Balthazar continues.

"Why?" Cas frowns.

"Special guest, special treat, I guess." Balthazar shrugs. "That's usually top secret stuff, but you see, I'm generous to share."

Dean rolls his eyes at "generous", but he doesn't interrupt.

Balthazar tells them, "You will not go into Heaven or Hell, because you will stay on Earth, going into the next reincarnation. It's like a training process. Michael thinks you're not ready yet, just see that mess you just made, but we still have time. We have about four thousand years of time."

"What's in four thousand years?" Cas and Dean ask at the same time.

Balthazar shrugs again, "Some big plan, I hear. But top secret, above my pay grade now, also, spoiler-free. But it's a long time, don't worry about it now. Go enjoy your boring mud life, you have a few thousand years to kill. We'll see you around."

Dean thinks slowly. "I wouldn't remember any of this, would I? In my next reincarnation or whatever. In those four thousand years."

"Clever boy," Balthazar smiles.

Dean looks at Cas, reaching a hand to hold his arms, eyes deeply sad. "Everything we went through here, everything I did. Us. I don't want to forget."

Cas holds him close. "It's okay," he whispers gently. "I will."

They share a long, soft kiss.

It tastes salty and tears, but they continue.

Dean feels the familiar electrical warmth running through his veins. But this time, instead of the energy pulse pushing into Cas, he feels the flow running from Cas, mingling with his, melting inside him.

He hears Balthazar gasp behind them.

"It's not polite to stare," Dean makes an effort to pull apart, speaking as his forehead pressed against Cas's.

"Holy," Balthazar's voice is odd. "How did you do that?"

"Do what?"

"The energy flow between you two, it's like... it's like a profound bond." Balthazar stutters, waving a hand, struggling to find a word.

"I like the sound of it," Dean tells Cas, pecking his lips one more time.

Cas smiles. "I like it, too," he answers.

The two angels watch the two brothers walk into the city of Zoar. Dean stops and looks back and waves at him three times.

For three times, Cas waves back. Until they're out of view.

"Come on, we gotta go, too." Balthazar urges Cas. "You get an appointment."

"From who?"

"Naomi said she wanted to see you," Balthazar informs him.
