---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Last Righteous Man and Last Angel In the City - II. Where is the Angel
date: 2025-10-28 15:43
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 SPN Eldritch Big Bang
long_novels: 【Destiel】Last Righteous Man and Last Angel In the City
---

Dean comes back around noon on the third day, with a bruised body and a dislocated shoulder.

It would have taken him another half-day if he had taken the usual route, but a thread of thought kept tightening and pulling at the back of his head. He can't wave off the irreverent, erotic looks on the people's faces when they look and talk about the angels. They make him scared.

The shortest path in the mountain isn't a road, and falling all the way down could have killed him if he hadn't happened to be caught by the bushes. Disturbed sand flies into his eyes and nose. He lies on the ground on his back, coughing to clear his lungs of the sand.

Sun glares into his eyes from on top of his head. Dean wonders if all the angels are bright like that, or it's just Castiel's. He wonders if the angel was clever enough to leave the city already.

He struggles to roll on the ground and haul himself up, and keeps heading back to the city. His footsteps are unsteady from exhaustion and pain, but he wills them to move as fast as he can.

The city looks the same as when he left. Town folks walk along the street, talking loudly -- but not about angels. Dean tries to pick a word or two when he passes them by, just to prepare himself, to know what might have happened, but he doesn't get much luck.

Dean drops the newly collected herbs at home. John isn't at home, and Sam is sleeping. He decides he can make some meds for Sam later, so he rushes out again.

His footsteps stagger even more as he approaches the town square. For three days, his thoughts have been wandering around this place, and now, the closer he gets, the more scared he is.

*Please.*

Dean stares at the end of the main road, thinking.

*Please tell me you're okay. Please tell me I'm not gonna find you bloody or... anything worse.*

*Please tell me you just left.*

He closes his eyes once, takes a deep breath, and walks into the town square.

"No, no, no --" Dean gasps, dropping to his knees.

The angel is not here. But his clothes and broken feathers are.

The tan linen robe Dean saw him wear earlier is stained by blood, crumpled and laid out in the center of the square. The once-elegant black tunic was torn to rags, then deliberately placed so that it forms into the shape of a human figure. As if the angel once was lying in that exact location, being torn apart.

Long, black feathers that were undoubtedly once extending and stretching proudly on Castiel's wings, are now scattered on both sides of the clothes, replicating the look of the wings. A crude mock.

Dean can hear the lingering sound of the angel's scream just by looking at the scene.

He throws up right there, vomiting everything in his stomach. Tears cover his face.

"Like what we did there?" A cheerful voice sounds up next to him. The man kneels down to enjoy his face. "That's my idea, after we all finished having fun."

"What --" Dean looks up and sees the man's face. "Arthur."

The man was among the crowd, the last time he saw him.

"What have you done?"

"Just the usual, you know," Arthur grins lightly, almost like he's remembering a sweet memory. "We all take our turns and have our fun. Oh boy, he really is the best, you can't imagine how good it feels to fu --"

Dean's fist hits the man's face, throwing him back. The ceramic jar Arthur was holding crashes to the ground, breaking apart, showing thin, sluggish white-blue light swirling inside. The light starts flying upward the moment it leaves the jar.

"Oh Lord," Dean cries, reaching for the light with his bare hands. He knows immediately what that light is, even before Arthur starts talking again. The light lingers between his fingers when he touches it, reluctant to leave, but also seems too light to stay. It's falling apart, thinning into the air.

"No, no, no." Dean fumbles in his pocket to find his water flask, pouring all the liquid onto the ground, aiming its opening to the light.

"Please," he murmurs, leading the light with his fingers.

It moves slowly, but obediently. Dean makes sure every last bit of the light is filled into the flask before closing it, holding it to his chest against his heart like a dear treasure. "Lord has mercy," he whispers, not caring about all the tears smearing his face.

Arthur watches him with a satisfying avenging smile, standing up from the ground, pressing the side of the face that's swollen from the punch. "What's the problem with you?! Told you we'd leave you a piece."

Dean is still kneeling on the ground, eyes shut in pain, holding to the flask. "Where is he?" His voice is broken.

Arthur makes an impatient sound between his teeth. "You know, I was going to tell you. But now that you punched me, I don't think so. Enjoy the angel grace." He walks away coldly.

"No!" Dean bursts out in a yell. His chest is so tight and pained that he thinks his heart is going to explode. But he doesn't die.

The small crowd of people who were gathering to watch their quarrel also split now, leaving him alone in the square.

Dean drags himself closer to the clothes that belonged to Castiel.

"I thought I could save at least one angel," he whispers to the robe and tunic and broken feathers. "I'm sorry I didn't insist on staying with you. I'm sorry I failed you. I'm sorry."

He picks up all the scattered black feathers, collecting them inside the clothes, wrapping them into a small bundle, holding them like a cradle.

That's when he replays Arthur's words in his head and realizes, "He said he's gonna tell me where you are, which means you must be still alive. Castiel, I'll find you. And I'll save you. I promise."
