---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Last Righteous Man and Last Angel In the City - I. City of Sins（2）
date: 2025-07-13 02:59
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 SPN Eldritch Big Bang
long_novels: 【Destiel】Last Righteous Man and Last Angel In the City
---

Dean lies in the dark, staring at the ceiling of his room. He doesn't check the time, but the moon must be high now. The shades keep the room dark.

His father snores lightly in the next room. His brother breathes evenly, easier than when he's awake.

There are faint sounds of frogs croaking in the distance, probably somewhere near the farmland.

Dean listens to the symphony of the night with opened eyes, wide awake. It's actually quiet and calm -- peaceful, even. But his mind keeps slipping to that high-pitched sound, for some reason, it seems to have stuck in his mind. *That must be the true voice of an angel,* he thinks. There was an angel in the city today, and then there wasn't, if his father was telling the truth.

Dean sits up in his bed quietly. But his father might not be telling the truth.

He sneaks out of the door without a sound, closing it carefully behind him.

The street is empty, the night air a little chilling but not cold. The moon is bright and round, hanging right over his head, shining the road silvery. He follows the road leading to the city square.

There is no angel there -- or any sign of one.

Whatever he's been expecting to see, whatever he's been bracing himself to prepare for, there is nothing to find. No sign of destruction, no sign of divinity, no sign of what the men of the city must have done to the angel. There is no sign of an angel at all.

He lingers around the square aimlessly, then starts wandering along the street. There is no high-pitched angel sound anywhere, even if he walks close to the houses, tilting his head to listen carefully inside. The angel has disappeared, as if it had never arrived.

He pauses at the door of his house for a moment, hesitating. From where he stands, Dean can see their neighbor Martin's house, bigger and taller than theirs, having two floors rather than one, the kind that can host a fancy guest room and a luxurious, well-equipped underground cellar. He can practically smell the corruption and hedonism from this distance. He wrinkles his nose.

He does not go into his own house.

His feet take him away, leading him to the gate of the city. He can't leave the city because his family is here, but he can stand at the gate, looking outside. As if the air here is cleaner than inside.

He sits by the gate of the city until the dawn breaks, letting his mind float away in a trance.

Dean blinks slowly as the night sky gradually shifts to a brighter color, the dark blue dyed over by golden clouds from the east. The sun rises over the horizon.

There is another source of light approaching slowly from the west. Lightning cracks the distant sky, accompanied by a tumbling roar of thunder. From the light brighter than the rising sun, a figure emerges on the land of wilderness, moving toward the city from afar.

The land outside the gate is flat with desert, muffling the image of the man with slowly flying sand. But the light radiating from his figure pierces through the dust, as steady as the north star.

Dean squints at the coming figure, wondering who that might be. He stands up from the ground, smoothing his cloth, waiting for the newcomer.

The man walks faster than Dean expects, or maybe he isn't walking, not really. He is also no ordinary man, for when he enters the clear view, Dean can see a pair of giant black wings spreading behind his back. Black as midnight, spreading wide into the sky when he travels through the land. He folds it closer when he approaches the city.

Dean can't help but stare. It's the most beautiful thing he's ever seen. The light, the wings, the man.

"You're an angel." He hears himself saying, through his dry lips. His brain goes blank, knowing nothing else to do but stare at the newcomer.

The angel wears a long black tunic, with a tan linen robe on the outside, much like the men in the city. Dean wouldn't know he isn't local just from the dressing. But somehow, these clothes seem quite fitting on him, could easily blend in the city, but also don't make him any less celestial. His face is devastatingly handsome, with eyes so heavenly blue. Dazzling blue light lingers in his eyes for a moment longer, before it dims into pupils that look as beautiful as the purest sapphire.

A belt tightens on his waist, displaying quietly a trim, well-built figure underneath. Dean stops his train of thought and drags his eyes back up to his face.

"I am Castiel, Angel of the Lord." The angel announces with a low voice, looking at Dean bluntly without blinking.

"I'm Dean, Son of John, Brother of Sam," Dean tells him nervously, running directly into that pair of intense eyes, feeling his skin start crawling, but he holds the gaze.

"Are you a citizen of Sodom?" Castiel asks.

"Yes, born and raised, for two decades." Dean nods uneasily, almost ashamed of admitting his connection to this city. He swallows, troubled by the querying look in the angel's eyes. His fingers fidget around the skirt of his own tunic, his eyes shift between Castiel's eyes, lips, and the wings behind him.

"Then you may lead the way, for I bear the order of inspecting the city." Castiel looks over his shoulder, at the city behind the gate.

The sun has risen, and the city is waking to a bright morning. The men of the city walk onto the street, the cheerful mundane chatters buzzing in the air.

Dean half turns, following his gaze, seeing what he's looking at. "Are you not here rescuing the angel visited yesterday?" He blurts out.

Castiel pulls his gaze back onto Dean's face with more focus. "Rescue? Why would an angel require rescue from a city of mankind?" His face is stern with concentration, the eyebrows slightly knitting together.

"You don't know men of Sodom, I do. They're... unfriendly, to the outsiders, especially angels." Dean lowers his voice, glancing nervously behind him, slowing down whenever someone is standing too close to the gate where they might be overheard. His heart pounds rapidly inside his chest. "They are ruthless, and dangerous. I don't know what happened to the angel coming yesterday, but I heard him screaming. I fear the worst has happened."

Dean swallows hard, searching Castiel's face, looking for a sign of hesitation, but fails to find one. "Please don't go into the city. If you have to, you can stay at my house. You will be safe as long as my father is not there. My brother is not like them."

"No." Castiel looks at him straight, and says plainly, "Your offer is appreciated, yet that shall not be necessary. I will go to the square, and announce my arrival to the people of the city. My safety will not be of concern, for I am a warrior in my garrison, and I have fought evil from Hell. No mankind would be equivalent." He lifts his chin with pride.

"All the angels coming before today must have thought the same, did Heaven not notice that none of them returned?" Dean urges, frowning deeply, worried. "You've never been to Sodom. Those people are strong; they have powerful weapons and tools. I don't want to see any more angels get hurt --"

Castiel waves him off. "I have decided. Now I shall go to the square to fulfill my order."

"Then at least allow me to be with you during your stay," Dean says quickly. "I'm familiar with the city. I can be your guide."

Castiel nods. "So shall it be."

<br>

They are noticed by people the moment they walk past the gate. In fact, Dean suspects they might have already caught attention when they were having that vain argument of a discussion that he failed to change the angel's mind.

Now that they walk onto the street, with Dean leading half a step ahead and the angel having his wings tucked behind his back, Dean has never been so conscious of his own existence. People stop what they were doing to turn and look at them. Their eyes land meaningfully on them, lingering between him and Castiel. He doesn't need to meet any of their eyes to know the way they're looking -- the gleeful looks of predators, invasive, avid, like a group of hyenas, as if they can peel his skin off with those eyes. Dean picks up the pace, as if escaping.

More people drop what they were busy with, and start following them from a short distance away, forming a tailing crowd fast.

"Dean!" One of them calls to him, "Where do you find an angel all to yourself? Is this why you didn't come join us yesterday? Having too much fun with this one?"

Another shouts, "Where are you going? Don't keep him to yourself. Introduce him to us so we may know him!"

A loud laughter and yelling of agreement burst from the crowd.

Dean glares behind his shoulder, furious with embarrassment. *How can they talk about angels like this? How can they talk as if he and this Angel of the Lord are... something intimate? Something physical and primal?*

He shakes his head in disbelief. *How can they even think about staining them that way? Didn't they see how beautiful and bright the angels are? Or is that just in his eyes?*

The crowd only laughs louder at his glower.

Dean decidedly ignores them, urging Castiel under his breath to speed up. The angel merely observes them with thinned lips and disapproving frowns, not saying a thing.

They almost pass through his house when Dean spots his father standing at the door, holding his arms. The look in his eyes is outrageous, burning with fury. Dean's blood freezes to ice.

He hears John's voice before he reaches the doorsteps.

"Where have you been?!" John growls at him, "Your brother could be dying when you're doing whatever, sneaking out in the middle of the night like that!"

Dean stops automatically with a gasp. "Sam's dying? He seemed fine and improved last night."

"He would if you didn't get your lazy ass over here and prepare his meds! We're running out of herbs, so go get those for him." John orders.

Dean frowns. "It can't be. There's plenty left from yesterday."

Then he notices the burning roll of a cigar between his father's fingers. *Oh.*

John scowls. "Are you defying me, boy? It's gone now. So go get more!"

Dean blinks, looking between John and Castiel, then turning back to his father. "The herbs are in the mountains. It will take me at least three days to go there and back." His voice deeply troubled.

"Then why aren't you leaving already?" John glares at him. "Surely you don't have anything more important to do?" His eyes flicker to the angel.

The crowds following them have already caught up, surrounding them with interested eyes, witnessing the matter. One of them shouts joyfully, waving with something shiny and reflective in their hands, "Don't worry about the angel! We'll take care of him!"

The rest of them laugh. Another adds loudly, "We'll make sure to leave you a piece!" Followed by a clanking metal sound.

Dean winces at the sound and the words, glancing back at the angel.

"Castiel --" he starts, voice low and eager. "I can't --"

"Go," the angel answers him resolutely. "I see you have other responsibilities. I shall carry on my task alone."

"Follow the street to the end and turn to the biggest road," Dean looks at him, biting his lower lip, then turns to point at the end of the road with his fingers, "that will take you to the center of the city, the square."

Castiel nods briefly with appreciation.

"Please be careful, Castiel." Dean lowers his voice so those other people, including his father, would not hear them; his voice rushed with worry, bordering on pleading. "Leave the city as soon as you can, please. I will come back in three days."

"Farewell, Dean," the angel says formally.

They part ways.

Castiel walks down the street, and Dean takes the opposite way, heading out of the city toward the mountains.

When he looks back at the end of the street, he loses sight of Castiel already -- the crowd following the angel is like a moving wall, covering all the views, not leaving a single glimpse of his wings. Like an ominous sign.

Dean thinks -- he wishes Castiel safe. And deep down, not knowing why, he wishes he would see the angel again.

He's already missing that light as bright as the rising sun.
