---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Last Righteous Man and Last Angel In the City - XII. After the Time（Epilogue）（completed）
date: 2025-10-30 00:39
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester", "Balthazar"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文", "已完结"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 SPN Eldritch Big Bang
long_novels: 【Destiel】Last Righteous Man and Last Angel In the City
---

### Four Thousand Years Later

Dean doesn't remember much about his life between seventeen and twenty-nine. And he tries very, very hard to forget the forty years in Hell, even though he lied to Sam that he doesn't remember a thing.

But he does remember the day the light descends from the sky. Vague shapes with wings surge the Pit, and he laughs at them -- his own voice sounding hysterical and demonic, and he doesn't think he cares.

Until he sees *him*.

Dean doesn't understand what he's seeing, but among all the other lights, there is only one that stands out. He's bright, he's elegant, he's beautiful. And what baffles him most is, he looks familiar.

Dean is sure this is the first time he's ever seen an angel, dead or alive, on Earth or in Hell, let alone having faith in them. But at that moment, when he sees that light, he thinks, he knows him.

That light flies directly to him, when all the others are scattered around, fighting the black smoke.

He stares at those black wings and tries so, so hard to remember where it is that they've met.

The warmth and heat burn him when they touch. But Dean doesn't let go when the light reaches out a hand. He screams in pain with his demon voice, he curses the angels and Heaven alike, but he doesn't let go.

Something deeper than his memory remembers this familiarity, something beyond consciousness tells him to hold on to it. So that's all he does.

The light pulls him out of Hell and brings him onto the Earth.

The light then shapes into a man, hiding his wings. The man introduces himself, "I'm Castiel. Angel of the Lord."

And without knowing why, Dean thinks, he knows he can trust him with his life.

<br>

### Two Years Later

"You gotta be kidding me," Balthazar yells, when Dean drops the lighter on the holy oil ring.

"I thought you were dead." Cas looks at him and calls him a brother. But he doesn't stop the two boys from threatening to burn his wings extra crispy.

"Come on, we go way back!" Balthazar is more annoyed than frustrated. "You're just letting those flying ass monkeys do this to your brother?"

"I believe the flying monkeys have the floor now," Cas tells him glumly.

Balthazar studies his face, eyes lingering between Cas and Dean, raising his eyebrows. "You've not changed a bit for four thousand years, you know that? I should know you two would always choose each other, no matter how messed up you got."

"What's that supposed to mean?" Dean snaps.

Balthazar shifts his attention back to the brothers. "Nothing," he says, almost joyfully. "Just one little old Balthazar getting a bit nostalgic, remembering some good old time, that's all." He doesn't protest as much when he's asked to put the kid's soul back.

He disappears when Cas distinguishes the holy fire ring, but comes back just in time to turn Raphael's vessel into another pillar of salt.

"You came back," Cas pants, wiping the blood from being beaten up by the archangel.

Balthazar studies the toy in his hand, fondling the salt stone. "Remember this baby? Comes quite handy. You were there, too."

Cas follows his eyes to the weapon, answering slowly. "No, I wasn't there when Sodom was destroyed."

"Right," Balthazar bites his tongue. "Of course, you weren't. You were with Naomi."

*That's probably for the best.* Balthazar thinks.

But his smile still thins. "Anyway," he shoots a quick glance at the Winchesters, then returns to Cas, "glad you guys are here now. I truly do." Then he disappears -- turning himself invisible, to be more precise.

"Is that me or that asshole was trying to hint at something?" Dean turns to Cas with a frown. "I feel like he knew something we don't. Did we forget something?"

Cas frowns and searches his memory. "I don't forget," he wants to say. But then he finds the gaps in his memory. He doesn't remember anything from Sodom, or Egypt, or Noah's time. Balthazar always says he was tasked somewhere else, meeting with Naomi, but he doesn't remember.

"It doesn't matter." Cas shakes his head, deciding. "We're here now."

*Lucky bastards.* Balthazar thinks, watching them. *Good luck this round.* And he flies away.

<br>

**END.**
