---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Last Righteous Man and Last Angel In the City - X. Save the Angel
date: 2025-10-29 22:54
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester", "Balthazar"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 SPN Eldritch Big Bang
long_novels: 【Destiel】Last Righteous Man and Last Angel In the City
---

The white light flares stronger as the pitch climbs higher. Balthazar lowers his head, face terrified and solemn, answering incoherently. "Yes... I'm sorry... I understand... Consider it done."

Dean watches the scene unfold before him numbly, not understanding.

And then the shaking of the floor eases, so does the piercing sound.

The white light dims slowly, but hasn't fully faded.

Balthazar finally lifts his head, waving at him eagerly. "Come, quickly. Put Cas in here."

Dean follows the order automatically, holding Cas close to his chest as he walks over to the window. The sun has risen, but the light from the ceiling is a thousand times brighter. He lays Cas's body down in the center of the light, smoothening his wings.

Balthazar watches him intensely, frowning hard.

Dean doesn't dare to blink.

And then, just like a snap of a finger, Cas gasps for air and opens his eyes. He sits up slowly. His night-black wings stretch beautifully and healthily behind him as the white light goes off.

"Cas!" Dean breathes out, tears tumbling down.

"Hey buddy," Balthazar gives him a small wave of his hand.

Cas stands up from the floor, frowning with light confusion, checking himself up. He's clean and bright, beautiful without any wounds.

"Balthazar," he sees the angel first. "Did you...?"

"Not me," Balthazar points a finger toward the sky. "Thank the Boss. Michael's direct order."

Cas frowns deeper. "What's the cost?" he asks quickly. "What else did he say?"

Balthazar casts a quick glance at Dean, leaning in to whisper something in Cas's ear.

Dean sees him wriggling his eyebrows as he pulls back.

"I'll see you around, Cas," Balthazar leaves one last sentence and another cheesy smile of his, turning to Dean. "Dean." He gives him a nod, and disappears with another whip of wind, just like when he appeared.

Cas turns slowly to Dean, opening his mouth.

Dean throws himself to the angel before he can say anything, and kisses him like this is the end of the world. Cas hums softly and holds him tight, but he pulls back after a short beat.

"Wait, Dean," he stops him.

Dean licks his lips, swallowing. The angel's beautiful, blue eyes shine with a watery glint, joy and sadness each taking half.

"Cas," Dean whispers. He's too happy and too scared at the same time; he doesn't know what to say. He doesn't forget the other half of the deal. The death part. "I'm sorry," he says. That seems to be the only thing he can come up with.

Cas fondles his cheek, shaking his head. "Don't apologize for bringing me back, Dean."

"I thought I lost you." Tears come back again. "I'm scared, I might have made a really bad decision."

Cas doesn't answer immediately, just pulling him into a hug, patting his back.

"What did Balthazar tell you?" Dean asks, when his breath comes calmer and his chin stops shaking above Cas's shoulder.

"He leaves to prepare for the weapon," Cas says simply.

"The weapon to destroy the city?"

Cas nods. Dean can feel the movement of his cheek against his own.

"I didn't know they'd start this with or without my return. It was already planned. But now, by choosing me and choosing to let the city die, you..." Cas hesitates.

Dean pulls apart for several inches so he can look Cas in the eyes. "I what?"

Cas looks at him, sad. "You're not righteous anymore. They're allowed to destroy the city with you in it. It can happen any minute."

Dean nods with understanding. "He did say 'Everything comes with a price'. I know I can't live with this anyway. Not when it means Sammy has to die too, I'm actually happy they'd let me stay with him until the end."

"Dean --" Cas says softly, pained.

Dean cuts him off. "I don't regret saving you. Ask me again and I would do the same. I don't care it's righteous or not."

"Thank you," Cas says quietly.

They're disturbed by the yelling from the street. Outside, the sunny sky is replaced by a cloud made of fire. Burning fireballs and sulphur start raining down onto the city. The houses start burning. They can already feel the heat stirring the air around them; it's getting thicker and more difficult to breathe.

"You should go now," Dean pushes him.

Cas shifts his eyes from the window to him, the light reflected in his eyes glinting brightly. "The order is to leave you in the city."

"I know, I deserve it." Dean urges him. "But you should go."

"Forget about the order. You always deserve saving, Dean. I can fly you and Sam out of the city," Cas says resolutely, moving over to wake up Sam with a tap on his forehead.

Sam moans as he stands up, and is immediately startled by the falling fire and sulphur outside the window.

"What's happening?" he yells in panic.

"Later," Dean says. "We gotta go. Cas will get us out."

"Just the two of us?" Sam connects the dots fast enough, understanding quickly.

The walls and ceiling of the house moan in the increased temperature, shaking unstably.

"What, you have a dog you want to take with?" Dean snaps.

"Dad." Sam glances at John, then Cas, shifting his feet uneasily. "Please," he pleads, "he's our father."

*He's also the one who killed Cas. He's a sinner.* Dean bites his bottom lip, can't say a word.

He looks at Cas, quietly asking with his eyes. *It's your decision, then.*

Cas thins his lips, but he moves to John's unconscious body nonetheless.

"I'll fly you to the small city of Zoar on the hill. And once you're there, do not look back. Do you understand?" He glances at the brothers.

Dean and Sam give him a nod, and hold Cas's vacant hand.

Dean hears a fluster of wings, and then his feet leave the ground.
