---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】The Tear, The Hole, The Empty（5）
date: 2025-03-02 15:11
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 DCRB
long_novels: 【Destiel】The Tear, The Hole, The Empty
---

Ghosts can't drive cars, not exactly -- except for that one time a ghost decided to *possess* Baby, which was unforgivable. So hanging out in the Impala is not an option anymore.

But popping in and out can do the trick too, Dean decides. Not as precise on the landing spot, and it exhausts him to the extent that he would fade behind the Veil so long that he nearly forgets what he was doing or where he was going. But still, it's the closest thing he's ever had that is remotely similar to flying. Maybe it's just like having angel wings to fly around. He haunts the idea.

The very first place he pops to is the graveyard he dragged himself out of the soil and ground, bones and metals blasted away from the central explosion point -- the place where he climbed out of the Pit.

That land is still deserted, the yard barren. The nearest gas station still has all the broken glass scattered across the floor. The very first place he ever heard Cas's voice, the first place he sensed Cas's existence before knowing anything about angels at all. He hovers around the threshold, then drifts inside through the window -- not like walls or glass can stop him now.

There is dried blood on the floor, cut by the broken glasses. Must have been his when he dodged the blast, trying to hide away from the sound that was so high-pitched that made his ears buzzing. He wonders what Cas was saying to him at that time, the very first words he was saying but he couldn't understand. Calling his name, perhaps -- that must be how the syllables of "Dean Winchester" sound in the angel's true voice. Pity that he can't understand, can't hear a thing. He doesn't even ever remember to ask Cas about that time, about what he had to say.

It was almost always Cas listening to what *he* had to say, not the other way around.

Dean swallows, feeling worse than before he entered this place.

He can't find anything here anyway, not like Cas has left anything behind on his way here for him to collect. Hanging around for mere minutes, and then he can't remember why he's even here. Just to know that Cas is not, and the place is just a big reminder of *empty* and lost.

His memory might just be as scattered as the glass on the ground, his heart bitten away one more piece by the nothingness in the place.

He moves on, hovering and lingering, wondering where and how and why. But nothing gives him an answer, nowhere has anything helpful, no one can even give him anything that is remotely any comfort. Just nothing, always nothing, always *empty*, always the lost.

Dean drops by the barn where he first saw him, the bench where they sat close by outside the witch's town, the deserted factory where he was asked to torture Alastair, the warehouse that was decorated as Heaven's greenroom in California, even the brothel he led Cas into for no more than a handful of hours, among all the other places.

The memory of when he was still a living human indeed fades fast, like Death warned. Soon enough, he can barely remember what they were doing the last year they were still hanging around together, let alone a decade ago. The locations blur together, and soon, so are all the people's faces.

Once, he finds himself wandering outside of the bunker not knowing where or why he's here. Sam happens to walk out of the door just then. Dean stares at him like a total stranger, like that time when the witch's spell wiped his memory clean, and the very few things he had to force himself to remember when staring at a mirror were: "I am Dean Winchester. Cas is my best friend."

He doesn't think he really needs that first sentence. And the second one could use a little change.

He's afraid he might forget about Cas's feature altogether. It's been too long. Too damn long. The photo in his wallet he used to take out at night, staring while praying, the photo of Cas in the funny cowboy hat that he's so fond of, has long faded and discolored. The memory of that time when he thought he lost him for good was imprinted in his human brain, but it's fading too just like the photo in his ghost brain, washing away like leaves in the tide.

Dean doesn't know how long it's been, where he is, or what he's doing. He doesn't know if he still has any heart left to be eaten away by more disappointment and hopelessness. He doesn't know how much memory he has left, or how much of himself has left. He's fading too, he thinks, just like smoke in the wind.

But he still prays. More like mere murmuring and whispering now. The one name, the one thing in his mind that is still hanging there.

"Cas."

"Cas --"

"Cas..."

Repeating it like it's a charm. A spell. A magic. A solution.

Tying whatever leftover remnants of his existence to it, holding onto it, like a drowning man holding onto the floating scrap of wood in the middle of the sea, in the middle of a storm.

The universe might as well be a hurricane, it makes no difference. Dean Winchester is drowning, fading, falling. Into the despair, into the end, into the utter, ultimate, absolute emptiness he has found in his heart.

The absence of Castiel, is the emptiest empty that any Empty can imagine.

<br>

And that, must be how *it* happens.

Castiel doesn't expect it, the Empty doesn't expect it, Dean certainly doesn't expect it.

But where does one go, when there is nothing left in them to be taken, when the hole in the heart is so vast that there is no heart remains, when the surrounding and the whole world matter nothing and have no difference to pure dark and black, indistinguishable from the void, when themselves *are* empty. Where do they go?

They go to the Empty.

Castiel sees it all, and he feels it all. He watches Dean popping in and out in his shaky flickering ghost form; he watches Dean talking to figures that are not there but are so obviously all variations of himself, Dean forgetting his own name but still murmuring his, Dean wandering the earth, lost, painful, hopeless, having nothing, *becoming* nothing, turning empty. It's always the Empty. The same Empty that is tearing him apart, the same empty they're sharing being separated.

He watches Dean falling apart, falling through, falling into the Empty where he is.

For a brief moment, Castiel doesn't realize what is happening. No one does.

The opening view over his head that the Shadow taunts him with tears open. Light from the living world and physical existence pour through, along with the broken figure of one Dean Winchester.

Cas reaches for him, desperate, instinctive. The tentacles from the black ether are still on him, dragging and pulling, tightening and locking, he might tear himself in half if he stretches too far, but nothing matters.

Castiel holds his hand, opens his palm, and in the center of the light, Dean falls into him. The essence of the ghost flickers, the last remnant of his soul blinks, this is still Dean, all the same.

He falls, but not into nothing, this time. But into the only existence that has ever mattered.

The light trembles, the shape wavers, and then he sees him. And the shape solidifies. Their eyes meet. Their minds register.

There is no word. Except for one. The only syllable on the tip of their tongues that has been hovering for so long without a place to land and now it finally does.

"*Cas.*"

"*Dean.*"

The universe restarts. The singularity point of the Big Bang is nothing more than this.
