---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】The Tear, The Hole, The Empty（6）
date: 2025-03-02 16:31
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文", "吻"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 DCRB
long_novels: 【Destiel】The Tear, The Hole, The Empty
---

The shapes stabilize, the lights around them blaze, glaring and blinding, piercing through the abyss.

Dean can't believe it, neither can Castiel. They blink, they gasp, they choke.

They reach out. Their hands touch. Their bodies, cold and warm, tight and pained, but real. They're real.

Dean throws his arms around, and Cas meets him halfway. The embrace is so tight that nothing in the universe could stand in their way, not even the black tentacles of the Empty. They retreat in the dazzling light like wild animals intimated by a camper's bonfire.

Dean buries his face in Cas's shoulder, his body shaking, tears shredding free. "I thought I lost you for good."

Cas is the same, there is no stopping the stream down his face. "I thought so too when you became a ghost."

That creates seconds of silence. Dean stiffens at the words, but he doesn't let go. In sobbing sounds, he gasps, "You knew? You saw me...?"

Cas is smiling again, the tears tangling, the same watery smile that he had the last time they saw each other, but a truly happy one. "Yes," he tells him. "You woke me up, for a while already. I see you, all the time. And I hear you, everything. It was supposed to be my eternal punishment, but seeing you... hearing you... it was no punishment at all." He glances overhead. The opening rift is closed now, there is nothing to see because Dean is already here.

Dean pulls back from the hug, eventually, after a long, long while. Half a step back, he takes Cas in, up and down, down and up. Registering him, memorizing him, branding his figure into the deepest of his soul and brain.

He takes a breath, his voice shuddering. "Cas," he says, sound so broken that he can barely continue, but he pushes through, looking him in the eyes, more tears spilling over. "I *have to* see you, because I *have to* let you hear this --"

"I love you too."

Now, the smile on Cas's face *now*, *that* is the real true happiness he should have, not the shattered teary one back in the bunker.

Cas smiles, his eyes glitter with the brightest, the most beautiful light, his whole existence beams with happiness. He parts his lips, he answers, with one word that covers everything that all the languages in the universe and all the history that have ever been and would ever be invented have to say --

"*Dean.*"

And that is all Dean needs to hear. And he hears them all.

*There,* he thinks, *now he's okay if the universe ends, or begins, or grows into a million other different versions. He's okay with anything now.*

The hole in his heart grows back, the tear and the wound healed, filled with so many things that it's stuffed too big to even fit his chest. It overflows, turning into more tears and wider smiles and happiness and relief and all the things he doesn't know words for. He lets them all flow through him, lets them wash over him, feeling the brightness shining from his beating heart, the lightheaded sensation rush in the back of his head, the hope and joy and content and everything racing inside his veins. He looks at Cas in front of him, feeling new and reborn.

"The one thing you want --" he reaches for Cas's hand, pressing it over his own chest, heart beating fast and eager under, and then presses it to his lips. He tells him, "-- is something you already have -- Me."

Cas breathes out, happy. All the happiness the world has ever seen added together would have no match for the happiness at this moment, on his face, in his eyes.

Not too slow, not too little, not too late. Not this time. Not again.

Cas's eyes follow Dean's hand, then fall on the place where his own hands get led to, on the place where Dean's lips press. His eyes land on there, then flicker back to Dean's eyes. Blue crystal meets green amber.

Dean swallows, pulling him over by the hand, the other hand reaching Cas's shoulder, pressing him close. Cas's hands on the back of his head.

His lips fall on Cas's, touching ever so gently. Light as a feather's stroke.

Cas kisses back. Chaste.

His lips are dry and chapped, but warm and *real*, it's the best thing in the world.

Dean closes his eyes, moaning lowly in happiness, pressing in deeper.

He feels something in his chest expanding, exploding, something can't ever get contained inside his body anymore. Dean doesn't need to open his eyes to sense the light flowing from his own body, radiating the place like how Cas used to lighten up and shine. Is it his soul or just the feelings that are materializing and overflowing into something bright?

His fingers sense a touch of vibration. From behind the eyelid, the golden bright light escaping Cas pierces through, humming in electricity and intensity. The power of an angel, full and strong, warm and reassuring.

Without hesitation, they embrace, in forms not even they know possible. But it feels so right, the touch and unison to the very core of their existence, the soul and the grace, entangled to every atom of the bodies and every photon of the light. At this moment, they merge as one.

<br>

They are definitely *not empty* anymore.

They become the opposite of empty -- they are full, they are complete, they are whole. The feelings and emotions overflow from them, leaking into their surroundings, shining the space like rising suns on the sky. Bright and brilliant, blinding and dazzling.

The Shadow materializes itself behind them, covering its eyes, pained by the brightest sunshine, deafened by the exploding sound of tears dropping and hearts beating. It grimaces and twitches, recoiling and writhing, dying, in their presence. "What have you done?!" It snarls, voice fractured with rage and agony.

They separate, shapes back to human forms, fingers still entangled.

Dean turns to it, grinning. "Nothing, just a little natural, healthy expression of feelings." He exchanges a knowing, meaningful look with Cas, their hands still holding together, clasped tight.

That's when Cas realizes it. "You can't bear it. The love and happiness, our feelings fill the Empty so full that they're tearing it apart."

In the Shadow's glare, a crack splits open by their feet.

They jump in without a second thought, hands held, eyes locked, hearts full. Leaving the Empty behind.
