---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】The Tear, The Hole, The Empty（3）
date: 2025-02-20 00:57
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester", "Death"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 DCRB
long_novels: 【Destiel】The Tear, The Hole, The Empty
---

"Hey Cas, don't laugh at me, alright? But I might have called your phone way too many times. Remember you still have that ridiculous voicemail message? Yeah, we're so gonna change it when you come back."

"Cas, I know I told Sam I'd turn in early and get some sleep, but... I can't. I keep thinking about the early days when we first met, you know? So many times you'd startle me when I woke up and found you staring at me. Man, it's really creepy to watch people sleep, but uh, I wouldn't mind having that again now."

"Sam dragged me back into hunting again. I didn't want to go, but he insisted. Guess that must be how he felt like when I pulled him out of Stanford. And guess what, it's a ghost, a woman, just like the Woman in White. Sometimes it feels like time and everything is just a whole pile of bad jokes -- nothing's changed in fifteen years except we're getting older. And, uh, we don't have angels on our shoulders now. So Cas, want to pop in and prove me wrong?"

"Hey Cas, man, I know you don't need to sleep, this is probably catching up with all the sleep you've missed in the past already. So rise and shine, time to get up."

"We got ourselves a shapeshifter case today. I hate him so much. He read my mind and... and... and he turned into you. Sammy had to take him down because I couldn't. I'm sorry, Cas. I know he's not you, but... it's been so long. I still can't. I'm sorry... I..."

"Sam doesn't know why we had a birthday cake for dinner today, and I ordered extra champagne -- I drank your share, by the way. It's top-shelf stuff. I just realized, with everything going on, we never get a chance to decide a birthday or anything for you. Not even once. So, if no objection from you, I think I'll take the liberty and declare today your birthday. It's September 18th, Cas. You don't think I'd forget the day we first met, do you? Man, did I ever tell you about that day you walked in? Jesus, you were just... poof... you know. The light, the sound, the wind, it was crazy. It's... it's really awesome, I ever told you that? Sorry, rambling now, probably too much that... umm... I'll get another drink, I'll just --"

"Cas, I think there is no more angel or heaven or Empty-related book I haven't read in the world. Sam helped too, but I read them all, just to be sure. So is all the magic and lore and people with power we can seek help from, but... there is nothing. I can't believe it, there is just nothing on how to bring you back. But I'll keep trying, alright? I swear, if this is the only thing I do before the lights go out, I'll do it right and bring you back."

"Cas -- it would be especially good to have you here today. It's a whole pack of wolves -- so many more than we thought. Sam and I almost didn't make it out, but don't worry, we're fine now. A little hurt, but no big deal. Just... been thinking about what would happen if we check out now. Where would we go, how would that leave you -- I haven't brought you back yet. I have this one job, and I'm gonna finish it."

"Hey Cas, gonna head out to a case today, think it's vamp. Probably just a milk run, some kids missing, the nest isn't even hard to find. I'll tell you how it goes once it's finished, alright?"

<br>

Castiel watches, and listens. He hears them all. His body is in pain, his brain being poked and prodded, tendrils binding and scratching everywhere, but he keeps his eyes on the view the Empty gives him, locking his gaze on Dean and Dean alone.

He can see him, and he can hear him. Cas is already satisfied. This isn't even a too bad eternity, all things considered.

It's like listening to a voicemail in real time. You know the other side is right there, talking, but your hand is just too occupied to pick up the phone.

Castiel responds regardless -- in murmurs, in a choked voice, or in between spitting blood as his insides are twisted and torn. The black ethers reach into him, blending and slicing him like scrambled eggs. He thought the pain would dull over time, but it hasn't. It is still sharp and acute with every touch of the torture.

But he keeps his focus on the view -- on Dean -- strong enough, he can live with it, forgetting the torture most of the time.

Cas answers the prayers as if Dean can hear him. He always answers Dean's prayers -- from heaven, from Earth, from Purgatory. He goes to him if he can, speaks to him when he thinks he can hear, sends someone to check in on him when he has to -- never has he ignored Dean's prayers. Why should the Empty be any different? So hear him or not, Cas says them anyway:

"Be careful, Dean. Ghosts can be tricky too."

"That is a lovely birthday cake, Dean. I like it, but you can take the cherry on top if you want. I'm not going to fight for it. And... I think you probably shouldn't keep drinking."

"You're hurt, Dean! The werewolf wounds, even if not the bite mark, they can get infected. I wish I could be there to heal you."

"Dean, the vampires can be dangerous. Please be careful."

"Dean! Watch out for that metal bar behind you!"

"Dean!!"

*No, no, no--*

Cas's heart almost stops as the events in front of him unfold. He struggles so hard to reach toward the view that he nearly breaks free from the black entity's hold before being dragged back.

Dean is hurt. He is so clearly fatally hurt. A ragged wound on his back, blood streaming down. Each word and each breath push out so difficult.

*I should be there.* Cas can't help but think desperately. *If I were there, I could heal you.* His heart is crunched to pieces. But he's not there.

Dean is fading. And Cas can do nothing. He is too far away -- too dead, for him.

He understands the Empty's torture now. This is his ultimate punishment -- witnessing everything, but can't do anything, the absolute powerless, the inability to save the man he so desperately tried to save. In the end, it is a metal bar that takes him -- piercing through his body in the middle.

Castiel closes his eyes, letting the pain sink in. The physical torture and sensation returns, the wounds, the holes, the tears, they all come back. Is it the same feeling Dean is going through right now? But it's more than that, more than the physical pain. It's the eternal agony of knowing Dean Winchester is dead -- and he can't be there for him. He can't change it this time.

<br>

Dean breathes shallowly, bearing the pain. The metal in his back is probably the only thing holding him together now. Blood is draining fast. He can feel himself fading. His fingers already start to turn cold and feeble. His little brother looks at him in tears.

"It's okay." Dean smiles back at him, easily, exhaling slowly.

"No," Sam says, through wet eyes. "We'll figure something out. I can bring you back."

*Not this time, not anymore.* Dean thinks, determined, and tells him so. Enough of the ride, enough bending of the rule. If this is the day, then this is the day.

"If Cas was here --"

That makes Dean swallow hard. "But he's not." But he's not, he's... in a much worse place than he would go to next. The calm, easy facade shatters. Tears surge, flooding his eyes. This is his finish line, but he hasn't finished everything yet. Always too little time. Always too many things unfinished.

Death is almost an old friend now, during this hell of a ride. Metaphorically and literally. Dean lets his tears fall, and lets his last breath leave the lung. The pain eases, slipping away like stripping an old worn jacket. He walks out of his body, forcing his eyes away from his little brother, who holds the remains of him, wailing on his shoulder.

"Hello, Dean." Death, the original Horseman, greets him, holding on to his exquisite cane, leaning by the other wall. He looks exactly like he did ten years ago when Dean took him down.

Dean -- his soul, or his consciousness, whatever he is now that still holds his image -- takes half a step back, can't help himself.

"I'm sorry," is the first thing that slips from his mouth at the sight of this familiar old figure. The old man looks older than the entire universe.

"I'm sorry for what I did when I had to --" Dean hurries to explain, eyeing Death's expression carefully. He doesn't exactly have pickled chips for him this time as an apology.

"Dean." Death looks at him, expression soft and not unkind. "I'm not here to blame you, or hold an old grudge, if that's what you're worried about."

"You're not?" Dean controls his voice, tight on edge, stepping closer slowly, one hesitant step at a time. "But I killed you."

"About that --" Death tilts his head slightly, looking up for a moment -- the look of a human when they seek out God from above -- before locking his eyes with Dean again.

"You planned everything all along?" Dean realizes, gasping. "To reap God?"

"Told you God could die too, a long time ago, didn't I?" Death gives the faintest hint of a smile, eyes gleaming with approval.

"So what now?" Dean swallows, steeling himself for an answer that he might not like. Glancing upwards, then down, he wonders where Death will lead him -- to Heaven? Hell?

"I told this to your brother the last time we met, and I'm telling this to you now, Dean Winchester," In his iconic solemn tone, Death tells him. "I try very hard not to pass judgment at times like this, but you..." A pause, he regards him, then, "Well played, my boy."

Dean blinks. Approval from Death himself, he has to admit he never saw that coming. He nods in appreciation, flattered.

"Now, whenever you're ready." Death half-turns, leading the way to a door that vaguely can be seen floating in mid-air, glowing with a gentle warm light. Presumably the doorway to the afterlife.

Dean eyes the passage, considering. "Yeah, about that." He hesitates.

Death looks back at him, shooting a questioning look. "What's the matter? Do you want to stay behind?"

"Is there any chance you can help bring Cas back from the Empty?" Dean blurts out, then adds, "Please?"

"I see, unfinished business, is it?" Death muses, looking briefly at the ground before meeting Dean's gaze again. "Unfortunately, I can't. The Empty is.. in a one-way lockdown now, I'm afraid. I'm sorry."

Dean swallows again, nodding, thinking quickly. "One-way, you say? So there is some way in. Can I go there?"

"Unless you're a dead angel or demon, which you're not," It's just the fact they both know and Death points out again.

"Billie threatened us before, saying she'd toss us into the Empty if we die again. Doesn't that mean you can toss me there too?" Dean holds on to the last straw like a drowning man.

"Billie," Death ponders the name. "I can see why she'd say that. Tempting, isn't it? Funny how a threat could turn into a last hope. But that's all it is, a threat."

"So there's no way? Not even after I go to Heaven or Hell?" Dean swallows.

"Not even then. Especially not after Heaven. You will have peace, trouble like this will leave you."

"I'll forget about Cas?"

"In time, yes." Death tells him, flat.

Dean wipes his eyes, breathing out deeply.

"Sam's gonna hate me for this." He mutters, not as nearly a joke as he hoped it would land.

"What are you saying?" Death says, tone warning and slow. "Don't make the mistake."

Dean manages a small smile, his decision made. "Think I'll stay behind for a bit, if that's okay with you. I'll catch up once I get this one thing done."

"Dean," Death presses, his voice growing more intimidating now. "You don't want this. Becoming a ghost isn't what you think it's like. You can't bring the angel back as a living person, why do you think you can achieve that as a ghost?"

Dean gives him a grin. "Well, can't blame a guy for trying. For one, think I'd get more time working on it. But I know for sure I don't want to get to whatever afterlife paradise and forget Cas is still stuck in Superhell."

"Then I guess I don't need to remind you how it always ends up with your ghost cases and unfinished business? You'll become obsessive and violent about it, and in the end, you'll be the monster that needs to be put down."

Dean nods, bitter, but not regretful. Resolute. "Yeah, had read all the fine print long ago, know the whole package. But if it's the price to pay to get Cas back," he shrugs, "so be it."

"As you wish." Death's gaze remains fixed on him, disapproving. "Hope you get what you want, Dean Winchester."

With that, Death leaves the building.

Dean didn't notice when Sam had left too, along with his own old body. The room is empty again, with nothing alive -- only half a dozen dead vampires and one dead ghost ex-hunter.

*Great,* Dean thinks, mockingly, taking a breath -- doesn't need to anymore but old habits die hard, even if just to make the familiar motion for self-comfort.

He walks outside. The sun pierces through him, casting onto the ground without shadow. He examines his translucent hands and body, glancing back at the no-shadow.

"Got work to do," he sighs, casting a quick glance upwards automatically, as if sensing a gaze from a place that exists out of his reach, as if picking up something in another wavelength from his new spiritual form without registering it.
