---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】The Tear, The Hole, The Empty（7）（completed）
date: 2025-03-02 17:22
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文", "已完结"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 DCRB
long_novels: 【Destiel】The Tear, The Hole, The Empty
---

The ground is solid, the tree is standing, the sun shines warm on their face, leaving their silhouettes behind.

Dean breathes out, "God, it's good to be back."

Castiel closes his eyes, feeling the warmth of sunshine, sniffing the grass in the air.

"It's real." he murmurs in agreement, still minor unbelievable. "We're back, and alive."

That is when he feels the arms around him, tight. Arms of the kid.

"Jack!" he holds him, patting his back.

"I miss you so much." Jack tells him, not stoic, not god-like, voice trembling even.

Cas tells him, "Me too." And then, "Dean told me all about you, how everything is going on well when I was away. I'm proud."

The kid beams brightly, like all the kids approved by their father. "I did my best." then lowering his eyes. "Except this one thing I can't do, I'm sorry I can't bring you back. How did you do that? Or how did Dean...?"

Cas looks at Dean, who's standing not far away, sharing a heartfelt reunion hug with his brother now. "The oldest rule of the universe, I think, love can conquer anything."

Jack hesitates, but curiosity still makes him wonder aloud, "Did Dean finally give you what you wanted most?"

Cas smiles, nodding without doubt. "Yes. He did. Everything."

<br>

"So, what now?" Sam is the one asks.

Dean shrugs. "Now we just, live. After everything we fought for, we never get to really *live* this world, enjoy the life as promised, with all the peace and freedom and happiness. I mean, isn't it about the time? The paradise on Earth?"

"The paradise on Earth," Cas echoes, eyes gleaming. "Like the one Jack showed me long time ago." he turns to the kid, realization dawns. "You never said it will be perfect, or Heaven-like, or monster-free, but it will be a world we can live and love and just, *be*."

"And be *together*." Dean amends, emphasizing. This is important.

They share looks, smiling, understanding. Happy.

So it is decided. It is how the life is going to be like -- there will be a *life*, finally.
