---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】The Tear, The Hole, The Empty（2）
date: 2025-02-19 02:34
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 DCRB
long_novels: 【Destiel】The Tear, The Hole, The Empty
---

And then, there is the end of it, just like all the finish line of other world-ending events, the good wins the evil, the "happy" ending with people celebrating. Chuck gets taken out, and Jack becomes the new God.

Except, there is no celebration. Only mourning. Only funeral.

They don't even have a body to burn.

Dean brings a trench coat that looks exactly the same to the pyre. The pyre he insists on chopping and stacking all by himself.

Something about ceremonial memorial.

Jack comes. Standing besides Sam and Dean. Deja vu of three years.

And the kid -- the new God -- apparently remembers what Sam taught him last time.

He says thank you, then says sorry, and at last says good bye.

Dean can't say anything. Eyes red, burning hot, looking straight at the burning blame with fabrics of the coat flying in the air.

He stands right here watching Cas's body burning like this, three years ago, believing that would be the end of Cas. And then, he came back. So maybe this time, luck can be on their side too? With some miracle and the new God on their side?

Dean's knees give way. Jack startled. "Dean!"

Dean doesn't care about anything anymore, whatever social manner or how to face a new and highest celestial being or face a boy that is like your son. He can only think of one thing.

"You have to bring him back." Dean chokes, looking up at the kid from low, pleading. "You're the God, Jack. I'd only ask this one thing from you and never trouble you again, but you *have* to bring Cas back."

"Dean--" Jack holds his arms and helps him up, his eyes as clean as the kid used to be, as deep and sad just as Cas used to look. This is a miracle itself that Jack even looks like Cas. And what he says is a blow on Dean's head. Jack says, "I can't, Dean. I'm sorry."

But he did it last time, even before he realized what he could do. Dean thinks, hard, arguing, and telling him so.

"God has no power in the Empty," Jack tells him. "Not even I know how did my pray reach Cas and wake up, maybe it's just because I want him back really, really badly."

But I want him back just as badly, and more. Dean thinks, this time he doesn't speak out the answer.

"Okay." He says, instead. "Guess I'll just keep praying."

<br>

He did. As he said.

Dean prays every day and night. He prays to Cas every time he thinks of him, and every time anything reminds him of the angel.

He pours a cup of coffee from the bunker coffee machine, and thinks, "Cas, didn't you use to order coffee from Biggerson's?" he grins at the steaming hot bitter liquid. "Want to come by try this one? Bet homemade is better than those from stores."

He turns on the TV and tunes to the nature channel, watching the creatures with the most bewildered names running around, chasing each other, hunting or mating. Dean scoots over, leaving half the sofa empty as if pretending someone is just going to walk straight into the room, sitting next to him, sharing his popcorn and enjoying the show.

"You'd like this, wouldn't you, Cas?" he talks to the bowl of popcorn. "Never can get you into the western movies, but nature works for me. You hear me? So better move your ass down here and don't keep me waiting."

The other side of the sofa keeps cold.

<br>

Sam tries to talk to him once or twice. But Dean brushes him off.

"It wouldn't work." Sam catches him talking into a plate of bacon one morning. "You know that. The denial, the pretense, all those stages. Dean, as much as I feel you, you have to move on. It's not healthy. Excuse me for saying this, but you were like this when Dad was gone, and then when Mom was gone. Now with Cas... It's like it's getting even worse. Man, you need to buck up."

Dean doesn't need to look him to know the pitifulness in his brother's drooping puppy eyes. Sam doesn't know what he knows, how can he feel what he feels? Dean continues with his bacon, with too much attention.

"You never know," Dean throws a glance at Sam's general direction, not meeting his eyes. "Cas has come back from the Empty before, maybe he just need a little help to come back again. Hell, Nick wakes *Lucifer* up from the Empty just by thinking about him strongly enough, because that sicko thinks he *wants* the devil back. Maybe we just haven't wanted strong enough? So quit talking me out of it, you should join me praying and thinking and *wanting* like I do, we might bring Cas home earlier."

Sam sighs. He might have said something about that was when Chuck was still around, maybe things worked differently back then, maybe that mechanism expired with Chuck gone. Because... because certainly everyone with eyes can see if Dean's *want* is not strong enough, then no one's would ever be. Dean stops listening.

Sam leaves the kitchen without saying anything else.

Dean just keeps doing what he's determined to do. Thinking, praying, wanting, yearning -- whatever you call it, whatever the universe or the Empty can work with -- he's taking Cas home. Even if it's the last thing he'd ever done for the rest of his life.

<br>

The fact is, the emotions do get beamed into the Empty like a laser beam, shining bright the corner where the sleeping angel is lying.

"Cas." Dean's voice knock at his temple.

"Cas. We need you. *I* need you." Cas is disturbed in his eternal sleep, his body -- the body that is materialized by the Empty -- twitching.

"Cas, please--" Dean is definitely crying, the muffled sound, the wet choking sound, the pained desperate sound, piercing through Castiel's sleeping ear, reaching deep.

The angel opens his eyes, looking into the pure blackness in front of him.

*The Empty.* Castiel recognizes this place immediately. Arriving and fumbling around for the third round does make one getting familiar with a place, however unwanted one may be.

Cas stands up -- he can't see or feel his body, or the ground, or the air, the Empty is truly empty, but he thinks about the motion anyway, trying to pin himself somewhere, instead of flowing in the pure empty darkness.

He pins himself on the voice reaching him consistently -- Dean's voice.

Dean's voice that is calling his name, begging and pleading, among other things he's telling him, the random, small daily life things, the coffee, the popcorn, the bacon -- all the things that are on the Earth, with their color and shape and texture and taste, all the things that are real enough and certainly *not* empty. He pins his own existence on it.

Cas thinks he can see his own body now. Or the small amount of space near him, lit up by some lumination radiated just from his existence.

He chooses a direction, and starts walking ahead.

<br>

"Aren't you that annoying little bug, buzzing in my head again?" Not very surprised this time, the shadow "friendly neighborhood cosmic entity" that rules the Empty takes shape several steps behind him -- the shape of himself.

Cas turns to him, looking at the Shadow that is so close to his own reflection but also so different.

"Yes," he says, squinting, silently challenging, betting his chance. "It's me again. And I'm awake again."

The Shadow makes a truly annoyed sound. Cas wonders if the same trick and bargain could work twice.

"I know what you're thinking." it gloats. "Don't think for a second I'll let you go back again."

"Why not?" Cas tries to stand more straight, head high. He has to go back, one way or another -- he can't keep Dean waiting, he certainly can't let Dean sound like that broken for one more minute.

How long has he been gone and asleep? Cas wonders. How long has he made Dean so sad? Do they manage to win the ultimate fight and get their freedom? There are still so many things he wants to know, so many words to say. Even if nothing else, he wants so badly to just *be* there, by his side. In the end, it's all about just *being*, as he realized, isn't it? No reciprocation needed.

"Because." the cosmic entity says, tone mocking. "You would just keep popping in, and I have to keep popping you out. What am I, amusement part ticket teller? This is just another theme park to you annoying undead creatures?"

Castiel thinks hard. "I'll be careful this time." he says solemnly. "Won't disturb you for another eon, I promise."

The Shadow scoffs. "That's not the deal I made, remember? The deal was, you summon me, and I *own* you. Permanently, period. No new deal, no nothing. Did you forget, everything comes to the Empty, stays in the Empty. Shouldn't have left you out the first time."

So no deal then. Cas thinks bitterly. What is his chance of asking for something else?

"Okay, I stay here," he speaks as he considers, "but I assure you I won't go back to sleep. So what do you have in plan for the eternity to spend with me?"

Castiel tries a smirking smile, "I hope you have a big enough stock for board game or DVD collections. I have finished binge the Game of Thrones, by the way."

The Shadow roars. Black emptiness spraying and splashing like dirty water in waste pipes.

"What about I torture you for eternity, while you watch what you can never go back to?"

At that, the view over the head of him opens up. For a split of second, Cas thinks he might be having illusions, that he's flying among the cloud like he used to do, taking an upside-down swirl, looking down at the Winchesters' house from high above. The view clears up, through the ceiling of the bunker, he can see the brothers. Walking, talking, occasionally throwing some cold jokes at each other, but the smiles barely reach eyes for either of them.

He scrutinizes Dean. Cas doesn't have sense of time in here, but Dean looks getting older so much faster than he used to be. How long has he been gone? Dean looks tired -- so tired that all strengths have been drained from his limbs and whole body. Head low, fingers loosely clutching a bottle of alcohol, slumping into the chair. Is he crying?

And then Dean's words reach him again. The familiar sound of this man, this brilliant beautiful man, but so rusty. Cas's mind wonders afar, did Dean ever cry? Cas has never seen him like that before. Is Dean feeling so sad all for him? Guilt of having to leave him like this crunches his heart.

Dean is saying, "Cas, I -- I probably should give up, like Sam said. But I can't, I just can't. With other people, after some time, I can move on. But not you, Cas, not you. I don't know why, but --" his voice chokes, "I just can't. Every time I think you might be in the Empty, alone, asleep, surrounded by other dead angels and demons, like in a giant awful graveyard. I -- I can't, no way I'd leave you there."

Dean glances upward. Cas's heart beats faster for a beat, as if for that split of a moment their gazes might have met. But he realizes the impossibility just fast enough.

Dean continues, "I just hope you can hear me, Cas. With everything we lost, I can't lose you again. Not like this. You have to wake up, you understand? Come back to me, talk to me, let me know how I can help bring you back, because --" his voice breaks with a wet sound again, "because there are so many things I want to tell you."

Cas has to tear his eyes away from the view above. The opening in the Empty doesn't look like a real gate, more like a huge projector screen on the ceiling. No way through except for the look.

"Is it real?" he asks, redundantly. Dean's voices already tell the answer, but he has to ask.

"Very." the tip of the Shadow's mouth jerks up. This entity is clearly enjoying itself too much.

"Why? Why show me all this, but not let me go back?"

"Because I want to punish you!" The Shadow scolds. "You're loud, you're annoying, and bad boys get punished. So consider this your eternal punishment. Hey, on the bright side, you get to watch your boyfriend from here for eternity -- oh wait, only until he dies -- while you, I assure you, just going back to sleep would be a far better option for you."

At that, he starts to feel the pain in his body and mind. Black goo shapes and wraps around him, acting like ropes and whips and knives. Cutting him, piercing him, drilling holes then filling in the wounds, or healing him just to cutting him again. Like the Prometheus and the Greek eagle. Trapped and punished for eternity.

Cas almost laughs. If he gets to be punished like Prometheus, that surely means he finally did something good, right? Saving the flame, or saving Dean.

Cas lets the sensation of pain and agony resting at the periphery of his mind, looking up through the projection at Dean again, smiling.

If this is the cost to pay, if this is what can keep Dean safe, then all is worth it.

"Dean," he murmurs, knowing too well the human wouldn't be able to hear him from the Earth but Cas says it anyway. "Don't worry about me. Just, go live the life, be yourself. Be happy."

He chews his own word, considering, saying it again. "I'm already happy enough, Dean. Now it's your turn. You should find your true happiness without me now."
