---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】The Tear, The Hole, The Empty（1）
date: 2025-02-19 00:11
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester", "Jack Kline"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 DCRB
long_novels: 【Destiel】The Tear, The Hole, The Empty
---

NO.

No, no, no, no, this is not happening.

Dean feels his body moves ahead, reaching out. Lips trembling.

Cas.

He cries out his name, matching his gazes. His throat is not working. But he's shouting the angel's name. Cas, Cas --

But Castiel does not hear him. His shouts are buried inside. Dean watches the teary smile, pinned frozen by the pained happiness in his eyes. The most hopeless, devastated happiness. But still, it's happiness that he can see.

"Don't do this, Cas." his lips move. He pleads. His heart thumps as hard as Billie's whacking on the door. The countdown to their death. Or their departure.

Don't.

His eyes burning hot. He can't cry. Not now. Not when tears will blur his vision of the angel. Of Cas. Of Cas when he said he ...

Don't do this, Cas... Don't say goodbye. Don't leave me.

Dean's mind is saying, screaming, he doesn't know if his lips follow the order. He can't breath. The feeling in his stomach twists the entire internal organ upside down.

Don't go, Cas. Don't die... Please.

And then, all is over. Like a dream. A bad dream waking up. Or a good one interrupted.

There is just silence. Dead, empty, silence all over him.

No Cas.

No Cas any more.

He just loses him. Again.

Dean's eyes burn boiling hot. He can't hold back them anymore.

For the first time in a long time, he cries. It happens so fast. Every second stretch to minute, minute to hour, hour to eternity. Too fast, but too slow. Too many times. Cas's last sentences echo in his mind, looping over and over.

He should have said something back. Why is there always so little time. Why is it always have to be goodbye.

The world is ending, outside. Dean buries his face in between his knees, staring at the vibrating phone with Sam's name on it, realizing, distantly. But his world just ended. Already. Right in front of him. In a big pile of black goo.

<br>

Dean doesn't know how he managed to get out of the bunker, get into the car, get on the road. The body did all the motions. He's not there.

There is no one on the road. He doesn't even notice until he's on the road for way too long. The world is horribly wrong, but somehow the quiet, the empty, the silence outside the window feels right. It might feel even worse if the Earth continues rotating and there are people talking and laughing when Cas is gone.

Sam and Jack are waiting for him. The duty of saving the Earth is still waiting for him.

Dean drags himself out of the car. Feeling way too tired to focus on what he should do. Why does it have to be them? But in the end, Cas sacrifices for him so he can do his job, Cas loves him for being good at it, doesn't he? Dean walks towards them.

Everyone's eyes are full of grief. For a different reason.

Dean doesn't know if he can say anything, about what happened, or do anything, next. He feels the head dizzy, too heavy. His whole body feels sick. Numb and sluggish.

This can't be happening. Cas, the world, any of it. Worse than the worst nightmare he ever had. Is it still not the time of snapping out of a bad dream?

"Where is Cas?" Two steps away from them, Jack is the first to ask. Sam looks at him with the same question in his eyes.

Another gigantic wave of sickness washes through him. There is no word, more than sorrow, more than grief. What's the word for this ocean of blue emotion that is flushing him up and down, scurrying him under the water? He's breathless.

Lost.

This is the word. Lost.

He can't look Jack in the eyes. Cas is his father.

But he has to tell. Sooner or later.

He swallows hard. There are blades in his throat. Every swallow, every sentence, the words are cutting him new wound. Bleeding.

They already know the answer. Just by looking at him. But he has to say it. Cas is... Cas... He chokes. Cas is gone.

Dean forces the words out, one word at a time. Eventually. "Cas saved me."

He tells them about the deal, the deal he only learned about before Cas was taken, the deal Jack has known since beginning but never said a thing.

He tells them all that he know, except for the truth.

The truth of what is Cas's true happiness.

But none of them are idiots.

Jack has sparkling tears in his eyes too. Dean only now realizes so belatedly how close they must be, the father and the son. The bond he never really look close enough.

But Jack smiles, looking into Dean's eyes. "But I'm glad," the kid says. "At least before he's gone, you gave him what made him truly happy, what he always wanted. Did you kiss him?"

Dean can't breath. "What?"

Jack blinks, somehow surprised. "Please tell me at least you hugged him?"

Dean stares at him, speechless.

The kid -- that is barely three years old and practically knows nothing about how human emotions work, but somehow able to sense so acutely -- widens his eyes. "You didn't give him anything? Then how... how does Cas get his true happiness?"

How indeed.

Dean turns around, can't bare their eyes one more seconds. Can't bare the thoughts crawling inside himself one more seconds.

Cas doesn't deserve this. He doesn't deserve Cas's ...

He didn't give him anything. He didn't even...

Dean forces his stare stay on something in the distance, in the skyline, staring so long without blinking that tears falling down from the corner of the eyes again.

The world is mourning with him. The empty silence in the universe. The vacuum of existence, the tear in the reality, the hole in the heart.

There is no bird singing, no dog barking, no human talking. No sound, no laughter, no life, because --

Cas is gone. So nothing is whole again. Nothing will ever be. Or it is just how Dean sees it -- would see it, even if it's not the reality.
