---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death（Chap.2）Heaven on Edge（4）
date: 2024-11-13 01:46
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 DCBB
long_novels: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death
---

Castiel doesn't remember much about anything when Lucifer walked him around. The memory is all fuzzy and vague; the image and sound from the outside world were just a low buzzing white noise like the one the bunker refrigerator or fan would make.

He managed to find a TV and a place with the best signal in his head -- the bunker kitchen where he shared so many beers and so much laughter and jokes with the Winchesters -- and that's about it. Hours after hours, he just kept his eyes locked on the screen, which was not that different from watching bees. Tiny digital characters moving around on the screen were just like bees flying; even the buzzing sounds were familiar. Castiel didn't really mind if he had to watch them for eons without doing anything.

But then he does start to remember that day when Lucifer visited Heaven. The same day the Darkness visited. The little TV he held close to his chest had a worse signal than ever -- the images froze a lot, the soundtrack was terribly delayed. It wasn't an easy day inside his own brain, but he decided he didn't really want to know what was happening out there. So he stayed in there, just staring at the snowy, jittery TV screen.

And then, it happened. Like an earthquake. But worse.

The table was shaking, cabinets and shelves slipping around on the kitchen floor, crashing against the wall, and falling to the ground. All the cups and glasses and fragile utensils are shattered into pieces. Cracks showed up on the luminous screen, fragments of glass scattering everywhere. He was afraid the TV might explode, and he briefly worried that, if it did break, how would he kill the rest of the time he'd spend in here -- which is probably, possibly, *forever*.

And then all the lights went out completely at the same time. The whole room fell into pure darkness, and the floor just continued shaking, exactly like an earthquake, a volcanic eruption, an avalanche. The gravity direction shifted abruptly too, changing from downwards to sideways, then upwards. Castiel got thrown across the room, hitting the wall next to the door, and then got mercilessly thrown onto the ceiling of the room, crashing onto the ceiling lamp by his backbone, feeling glass and metal stabbed into his skin, and finally ended up with all four on the ground again, bloodied and motion-sickened.

He had expected Lucifer to show up after that, bragging about what he did today, his cocky voice floating around, filling the space. But no, the Devil didn't show that day. Actually, he didn't even see him for quite a while after that. Lucifer must be busy, busy fighting against Darkness and saving the world as he promised, Castiel distantly hoped, but even if he didn't keep his promise, he was sure Sam and Dean would figure something out. They always do, and Castiel only hoped this archangel weapon he secured by his body could make that task easier for them.

Castiel didn't connect the dots together then, but he does now. That incident of mere seconds, must be the exact time when the Darkness invaded Heaven and blew everyone up, Lucifer included.

<br>

"Then how am I still alive, not infected?" Cas can't stop the question from rolling out of his tongue by itself. "I should have symptoms just like everyone else. I should have died in direct contact."

The cluster of light and energy that is Dumah contracts and shifts, voice more sluggish with each word. "You... you remember," her rusty voice chokes, breaking and catching. "Lucifer must have warded you off. That's why... why I'm hoping you can fix this, Castiel. Use that power, save us, save Heaven."

"But I don't know how --" Cas feels uneasy and ashamed.

"You will find out," Dumah's voice is barely there, breaking and gasping, like a dying human coughing violently, but still somehow fierce and demanding, tone accusing. Black shapes and spots splash from the light circling her core, like flying ash and coal from an overburnt fireplace.

And then she starts chanting, breathlessly, like the last dying song of a thorn bird: "*And God said, Let there be light: and there was light. And God saw the light, that it was good: and God divided the light from the darkness...*"

"I wish I shares your belief," Cas murmurs, grievingly. "But I'm sorry, I'm dying too, I don't even think I can leave this place any more than you do."

Dumah looks *through* him with the remaining flicker of her light that is barely there. "You will, Castiel. You are the one who started it all, you and your little pets, so *you* will fix this. And quickly, save the remaining ones before it's too late. You owe this to us!" Her voice breaks into an agonizing scratching sound. If she's in a vessel now, it would look like she's choking on blood in her throat.

Castiel doesn't have time to respond when he senses two forces pushing at him at this very same moment, as she stops speaking. The Heaven unleashes ever more power onto him, undeniably, irresistibly drawing him in. Castiel can see the space and dimension around them get twisted so contorted that the exit is just like a pinpoint in the eye of a furious hurricane. And Dumah, explodes from the very last peck of power she has left in the center of the light. The explosion wave throws Castiel across the corridor that was never really a corridor and hustles him out toward the gate. He falls right through the portal.
