---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death（Chap.2）Heaven on Edge（1）
date: 2024-11-05 01:48
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 DCBB
long_novels: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death
---

Dean walks back to the Impala with a gloomy face, bending over the roof with fingers folded, frowning so hard into the deep space as if he can use the bare stare to tear open the air and squeeze himself into Heaven to help.

"Uh," Sam clears his throat to get his attention, "you want to find a place to rest? He can take days, you know, in case you're thinking about waiting here all the time."

"I'm not leaving till he's back," Dean snaps, his voice way too harsh than necessary. "You see the state he's in just now, he'll need us when he comes back." He thinks and adds, "And he might come back anytime."

"Right." Sam lets out a light sound that's almost like a chuckle if not counting the deep worry, "That's what I thought."

They wait in silence for a long while.

The sun sets down quickly. Dean doesn't pay any attention.

Sam shuffles his feet to keep body warm as the night falls, he asks bluntly, "Is this how things like when you guys were in the Purgatory?"

Dean tilts his head towards him, shooting him a questioning look.

"You know, the whole 'not leaving without him' thing." Sam adds quietly, and then quickly shakes his head. "Sorry, didn't mean to bring it up, you probably still don't want to talk about it."

"Yes." Dean suddenly unlocks, much to Sam's surprise.

"Exactly like Purgatory," he continues. "Even more so when it's time to leave. It's like..." He trails off, getting lost in his memory. The image of Cas grabbing his hands and then slipping back into the monster land is still too vivid, still burns his eyes hot. Even after Cas told him the truth, this is still the memory that hit him more than it should.

"Like what?" Sam's voice brings his mind back.

"Like I can never grab anyone's hand tight enough to pull them out of misery and pain, to really save them. They're just, always, slipping from the hold. Taken away. Lost." Dean's voice cracks, his eyes reflected with shiny stars of lights, his hands fisting by his sides. "All the time."

He keeps his eyes straight into the dark night, doesn't move for the slightest until the shininess slowly slips away.

"Dean," Sam sighs, putting a hand on his brother's shoulder briefly. "Cas will come back, he promised. He always come back to us, to you."

Dean gives him a small grateful nod. "He better does," he says huskily, "or I'll go find him myself and kick his ass."

Sam lets out a short laugh.

The air feels more breathable now. Even just slightly.

<br>

They wait and wait. Night turns to day. Sam leaves temporarily on the second day to grab some food and comes back finding Dean sitting on the bench closest to the sand, never leaving his eyes from the portal, as if he's afraid he might miss the angel if he even blinks.

"We can take turn watching." Sam offers, handing his brother a wrapped burger with extra cheese.

Dean bites the food absent-mindedly and doesn't answer. But by the night of the next day, the exhaustion wins the silent argument.

"Wake me up if anything happens. Anything," Dean says for the third time, warningly.

"Yes, yes, Jesus." Sam rolls his eyes. "Now go! Before I drag your ass to the car."

Dean lies down on the back seat of the Impala and immediately falls asleep.

Dreams never serve him well. Endless dreams about the Pit that butchers him, the Cage that swallows his brother, the glowing light that turns his best friend into something horrible, the monster land that keeps all his hair on ends, and then more. Everything he experienced, everyone he lost, he might be able to shove things to the back of his head when his mind is clear, but the dreams always seem to be able to find a way crawl back, digging the old memories back up like a fucking grave digger of his brain, reminding him how fresh those wounds still are.

He rolls uneasily on the back seat, pulling the jacket covered on him, sinking deeper into the dream land. He's too tired, after all.

He is walking into a poor small middle-age-looking village. The houses are shabby, the road is dirty and stained. The whole vision looks bleak, like cutting out from a black-and-white silent movie from 20s. There is no color, no sound, no life. The stains on the road look just like dirt, or maybe what's left of horseshit, if it's an age with horse cart. He doesn't give anything much attention, just keeps walking, having a vague urgent feeling that he is doing something, that he needs to go somewhere fast, that he needs to find something -- or someone -- fast.

And then he sees them, the bodies. Piles after piles of bodies down the road, in front of the houses, down the ditches, and by the road. The stains are not smudge, he realizes, they are blood, too much blood, dripping thickly from these dead bodies, flowing and forming into a stream, then a river. All the bodies have deadly black spots on their faces and bare skins, all have horrified expressions ghosting on their faces long after they can sense anything anymore. All have black charred wings behind their backs.

This is an angel black death town, with no survivors. Dean realizes, appalled by the truth. He walks down the road, doesn't really want to look at any of the bodies or their faces, but the image is shoved right in front of his eyes, he doesn't have an option. They're everywhere. They just look so hopelessly human, no different from dying villagers from a 14th century plague-swept European town, if not counting the wings. Dean feels his heart knotted with twisted apprehension.

He continues walking down the road, not sure what he's looking for or where his feet are leading him to. But in this dream, it seems his subconscious already knows where to go. And his conscious catches up when he finds someone sitting by the corner of a wall, still moving, though barely. He runs to him, kneeling down, and recognizes this is Cas in a heart beat. Except, the body almost looks nothing like the Cas he knows. He's covered with black spots everywhere like everyone else in the town and they're still spreading like the disease is alive, and eating Cas up right before his eyes. Cas's eyes are shadowed with dark fog, his mouth and nose oozing with black goo. He is dying, and Dean can do nothing to save him.

"Cas? Cas!" Dean yells. He doesn't dare to touch him, in case it causes him more pain. His hands reach out to his shoulder tentatively, hover by an inch, but take back hesitantly moments later without contact. All he can do is just keep calling his dying best friend's name.

Castiel hears him. His swollen eyes somehow manage to look through the shadow and look into his.

"Dean?" He sounds unsure, Dean's heart is clenched with pain. "Is that really you?"

"Yeah Cas, it's me." Dean uses his softest voice. "I got you."

"You come." Castiel's face twitches, and Dean realizes he tries to smile but there is not even enough muscle to pull it, he feels his heart is being cut and sliced by the sharpest surgical knife. "You come for me."

"'Course I do." Dean manages to squeeze his sound through the lump in his throat. "You're family."

"Then why, are you coming so late?" Castiel's eyes suddenly turn fierce, rolled and filled with anger and accusation and pain. "They're all dead! All of them. And now it's my turn. Where were you when we need you? Why can't you come earlier? Why can't you save us? Save me? How many times do I have to die for you?"

Castiel suddenly straightens up his body, reaching out and grabbing him by the collar, dragging him closer and cursing to his face, "We are all dead! I'm dead, again! Because of you!" Dean can't bear to look at his eyes, the flame and pain shading all the blue and eating him alive, but he can't move away, either. He shudders, distressed.

"Dean! Dean!" Sam's voice pierces through the veil of dreamland, Dean gasps awake, breathing heavily like a drowning man fighting for air.

Sam is shaking his shoulder, looking more concerned than he already was when Cas walked into the portal.

Dean blinks at his face blankly, shadows of Cas's twisted face overlapping with Sam's, his brain is trying to catch up on the reality while half of his mind still stuck in the medieval town he left seconds ago.

"You okay?" Sam asks, hands leaving his shoulder the moment he sits up. "Nightmares?"

Dean rubs his neck. "Yeah," he moans, "not the best place to spend the night, you know."

Sam examines him, urges to point out that Impala seats usually don't make a person scream angel's name in their sleep, but on second thought, he ends up biting his tongue because he knows far too well Dean wouldn't say a thing what exactly did he dream about.

"Any news?" Dean walks out of the car, still rubbing his back and lumbar. The night is a little chilly. It's not entirely a lie that sleeping in the car is doing terrible things to his almost-forty-year-old spine.

"Nothing changed," Sam answers, "I don't see a single sand move."

Dean nods, and sits back on the bench by the Heaven's gate, silently taking the watch again.
