---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death（Chap.2）Heaven on Edge（2）
date: 2024-11-08 01:25
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 DCBB
long_novels: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death
---

Cas comes back at the night of the fourth day.

He lands clumsily, as if he's shoved down the portal, falling all the way down from the sky and crashing on the ground. Lucky that the sand looks soft enough for the landing that he doesn't break any bones, but his body still makes quite a big thump noise.

Dean and Sam jump to their feet and rush to the messy human figure covered by the crumpled beige trench coat.

"Cas?" Dean gets there first, carefully sets a foot on the sand and puts a hand on his back.

Cas moans weakly, it sounds like even the moaning itself is giving him much pain. His face touches the ground, buried beneath the trench coat like the most of his body. Dean carefully gets the coat out of the way.

Cas is bleeding, blood dripping out of his mouth and corners of his eyes. Cuts and slices are everywhere on his cheeks, neck, hands and any bare skin. His lips are pale white. The shirt is bloody too but Dean can't spare another second to examine. Cas is closing his eyes slowly, like the eyelids are too heavy to hold up and he's just too tired that he wants nothing but to fall into sleep. There is only some last remnant of sparkling blue left in his pupils, which is going out rapidly like a light bulb with its switch turned off.

"Hey, hey! Stay with me, Cas, you hear me?" Dean palms his cheeks gently, feeling his hands quickly covered with sticky blood. The air smells rusty.

"Sammy!" Dean's voice is packed with trembling fear. "Flask!"

The warm wooden flask is slammed into his hands with lid taken off.

Dean puts a hand beneath Cas's head, posturing his head up a little and holding the opening of the flask right in front of his mouth.

"Come on, buddy," he murmurs, bordering to begging or praying, or it really is both. "Come back to me."

Starry flowing light spreads out of the flask, rising and flying in the air like a dance of pure light before sliding into the thin slit between Cas's lips.

"Cas?" Dean lays his head back to ground gently, reaching a finger beneath his nose to feel the breath. Faint air pushes onto his skin, but it only gets weaker and thinner, until completely undetectable.

Dean's heart bleeds painfully. Is it too late? Did they make a terrible mistake and kill Cas, again? And this time, he did it himself? He shuts his eyes and feels his chest too tight to breathe.

The lamps around the playground start flickering, lights going on and off, and then exploding one by one.

"Dean!" Sam calls out alarmingly, gun dropped into hands instantly.

Dean snaps open his eyes and checks on Cas immediately.

Castiel has opened his eyes, though his look is remote and unfocused. Bright blue light fills into his pupils, spreading to his face, his body, and then the space around him. The light soon gets too bright to look, Dean has to look away and cover his eyes with a bent elbow. The air is buzzing with static electricity and heat.

There is a flow of energy rushing towards them and passing by their sides without doing any harm. A word suddenly pops into Dean's mind: "solar wind." He has seen it from some science channel on motel TV some long time ago as a child, introducing how the sun's activity can let out electrical waves and winds of particles that almost look like a visible wind. A wind made of light. That must be what is happening now. Castiel, this beautiful holy creature of light, is letting out a bright rare wonder but he can't see it with his bare eyes, just like he can't look at the Sun. What a loss. Dean is silently in awe for the very few times when he starts to clearly realize the meaning of the word "Angel".

When the buzzing electrical feeling dies down, Dean turns back and opens his eyes again.

Castiel sits up with eyes wide and gentle, locked on him.

"Dean," he says with his low voice. His sounds familiar and deep, though maybe too sad and tired compared to what he used to be, but at least he's not weak or dying or anything along that line. The wounds and cuts all disappeared with that burst of light, and no sign of blood anywhere. Even the clothes are fresh as new.

Here he is, Angel of the Lord with a capital "A", fresh and new. Dean can't stop a smile unfurling on his face. "Cas!" He lets out a long relieved breaths, punching the angel on the shoulder, "Don't do that again!"

Next to them, Sam also exhales in relief.

Dean stands up and holds a hand to pull Cas up. When they head back to Impala and drive back to bunker, Dean even starts humming his favorite Zeppelin song when the tape shuffles to "Ramble On." Sam eyes him with a raised eyebrow in surprise, only to meet a beaty head drum following the rhythm in reply, and can't stop beaming. The weight on Dean's once slumped shoulders is visibly so much lighter now it looks like as if he can float.

Seriousness kicks back in when Dean glances at Cas from the rear mirror and notices his still tensed shoulders. He tunes down the music.

"Okay Cas, fill us in. First thing first, how are you feeling?" Dean asks.

"I'm fine," the angel in the back seat answers. "Not dying, that's an improvement."

Dean narrows his eyes. "What happened up there? Why were you dying again? Did those bastards hurt you?" Anger building up fast, he turns back to look at Cas directly, his right foot unconsciously presses on the accelerator pedal.

"Road, dude, road! Look at the road!" Sam cries out loud.

Dean looks back at the road quickly, releasing the foot pad, the car returns to its previous speed.

Dean still doesn't give up stealing glances of Cas from the mirror. "Is there a name? Anyone I can punch?"

Cas looks like he's struggling with words. Dean frowns. He knows the look, that's the look every time Cas holds something back, usually right before sacrificing himself for something -- or someone. He doesn't like that look.

"Is the problem solved? The disease?" Sam helps out by starting with hopefully easier questions, Cas chooses to go with that first.

"No," he sighs. "It's not that easy."

"Of course not," Dean echoes, unsurprised.

"And, if you really want to know, angels didn't do anything to me, it's just how Heaven works. Without grace, as far as Heaven concerns, I'm just an intruding human that shouldn't be there wandering around, so it would want to keep me there forever inside one of those individual rooms. It wasn't easy to come back. If I'm honest, I didn't even think I could make it." Cas averts his eyes to look at the window, though there is really nothing to see except for pure blackness of the night time.

Dean growls at the road ahead of him, "You knew this is gonna kill you and you did it anyway?"

Cas counters weakly, "No."

Their eyes meet in the mirror, Cas stares back at Dean's glaring eyes. "Yes? Maybe? I don't know how bad it will be, alright? I just saw there might be a shot to help and I took it! Like you and Sam always do!"

Dean is visibly annoyed. "Okay pal, new rule, from now on, every time you need to make a move, tell us everything you know, capiche? Man, we should have this rule like forever ago."

Cas grumbles with widened eyes, "I capiche."

Dean holds back a success grin. "Good," and then, "Now back to square one, what do we know about the situation up there?"
