---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death（Chap.2）Heaven on Edge（5）
date: 2024-11-15 01:28
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester", "Sam Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 DCBB
long_novels: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death
---

"The next thing I know, I'm on Earth again." Cas wraps up his telling.

"Well, that explains the clumsy landing," Dean comments.

"And the cause of the infection." Sam fills in, thinking hard. "At least now we know what we're dealing with. This, this angel darkness disease --"

"I still prefer calling it ABD -- Angel Black Death," Dean chimes in.

"Fine, this ABD," Sam corrects himself compliantly, frowning deeply at him. "How do we fix it?"

Dean glares back. "Don't look at me, I don't know jack squat about angel biology, how the hell are we gonna play doctor?"

Both brothers shoot their questioning eyes at Cas.

Cas blinks once blankly, looking back at them just as idealess as they are.

Sam clears his throat, suggesting in an over-optimistic voice that sounds far too deliberate, "Okay, how about we stick to the basics, work with what we know, do some research, just like it's just another case?"

"A case," Dean snorts loudly. "Fan-freaking-tastic."

He takes a large gulp of beer that's been sitting idly for too long and is getting heated by the room temperature and tasting bitter. Dean swallows that sour-bitter taste before saying, "Do you remember our job used to be beheading vampires and werewolves? Not babysitting or feeding them with soup when they get sick?" He holds out a finger just in time to stop Sam from arguing. "Don't give me that look, tell me you don't think angels are just monsters with good PR? No offence, Cas." He flashes a quick eye at Cas. A slow nerve at the back of his head somewhere tickles and tells him that's a really asshole comment spitting in front of his only and best angel friend who barely survived another life-death situation. But with the brain mostly affected by the light drowsiness coming from the beer and the possible sudden drop in adrenaline now that they're at least all back home again, Dean waves the uneasy feeling off without thinking too hard about where it comes from or why.

Castiel barely moves his lips. "None taken."

Sam sighs. "I don't like them any more than you do, Dean, I mean, obviously except for Cas. But that doesn't mean I -- *we* -- would want them all dead. It's bad that they are around, but it's worse if they're not. You heard Cas, I'd rather help them out this once rather than dealing with billions of angry confusing falling spirits -- and don't forget we have so many friends and family up there in Heaven. So yeah, I'm fine with this. And maybe, if they owe us one, next time they show up, we won't have to kill each other again."

Dean snorts again, louder. "I'd rather hope they never show up at our doorsteps ever again. But fine, points taken. Where do we start?"

Sam looks at the only angel in the room, which makes Dean turn his head in the same direction. "Start with what we know, about Cas," Sam says.

Dean frowns, still talking to Sam but not lifting his gaze from Cas. "Well, with all due respect, first of all, he's probably the least typical of an angel by now, with all the resurrection -- not that I complain -- and hanging around on Earth with us all this time -- still not complaining -- and everything in between, I won't be surprised if we end up finding out he's a whole new species on his own. And B, what are you gonna do about him? Anatomy? He's not a guinea pig for you to learn biology in college class. He's Cas!"

Cas hums a soft agreement to that obvious and accurate comment.

Sam rolls his eyes at his brother exaggeratedly. "I know that, Dean, thanks for reminding. I just mean, research --" He gestures to the mountain of books around them, reminding them bunker is, after all, the biggest supernatural library in the world. "-- with some knowledge transfer from Cas about what we might be looking for, so will you just shut up and start reading?" A pause, then adds hesitantly, "Please?"

Cas starts moving toward the books.

Dean returns a cheerless smile to that. "Super. I'll grab some more beer first."

"Some coffee for me would be nice, while you're at it," Sam calls after him.

<br>

As it turns out, the researching and heavy reading part of the job is actually not as boring as one might presume, though it's mostly Sam's expertise. And Cas's.

It would be easier if there were some kind of catalogue to indicate what each book is about, but the perk of not having one is that you get to run into things you totally wouldn't expect to read and end up might actually learning something or even enjoying the reading time.

Like the one Dean is currently reading, "Ethereal Archetypes and Terrestrial Manifestation: A Comprehensive Ontological Examination of Transcendent Parallels between Angelic Entities and Biological Life Forms" -- which gets picked up because it has "angel" and "biology" in the title, he has to look up dictionary to understand what those other words mean -- turns out to be pretty much listing all known creatures and pointing out their similarities and differences with an angel. And Dean has to stifle his chuckle from time to time, and specifically delegates part of his brain to remind himself not to look up at Cas -- who sits just a couple of feet away from him, buried in his own selection of books -- every other page, just because how of accurate the description is.

The book says the angels might adopt their ways of manifestation by learning all animal behaviors, including but not limited to the man kind; the observation has shown proof that they would pick up habits from most mammals and others, examples including the way they tilt heads to examine target objects may come from birds, most likely pigeons; they can be protective and loyal for which canids tend to share the traits, most commonly seem as domestic guarding dogs; territory-aware like wolves, strategic like foxes, emotionally distant like cold-bloods, and show great connection and closeness with creatures that last as long as they do in the history of evolution, so they may guard jellyfish and bees as closely as humans because they exist since Ediacaran billions of years ago.

The more Dean reads, the more he feels like he has to introduce Cas to whoever wrote this book; it is almost as if they are literally describing Cas back to him. But pitifully, the behavioral descriptions don't give enough information or indication about how exactly they can cure a sick angel. So Dean tosses the book aside, putting a note in his head thinking he might ask Cas some other day about what the deal is with jellyfish.

The next book talks about the hierarchy and structure of Heaven and Hell and their resemblance, which leads to deductive religious and cultural meaning. But Dean already notices quite some mistakes in the book with his own first-hand experience to know the book is of no use to him -- they didn't even get the concept of Prince of Hell or Knight of Hell right -- and he seriously doubts if any of the Men of Letters scholars have ever run into any Prince or Knight of Hell, apart from his own grandfather. He might as well run a fact check with Cas about these things. Or Crowley, for that matter.

The next is about angelic occupational division, followed by magic experimentations and enchantments with angel feathers, and then more. Okay, Dean decides, he wants to take his words back; it stops being entertaining a long time ago, now he'd rather go out and get some stretch or maybe punch something, or even wash his car again, regardless of how clean she already is. The only thing that keeps him chained in the seat and continues scrambling the pages is the tiny bits and pieces of information scattering around the pages about angels -- about Cas -- that makes him feel somehow he gets to know Cas slightly more as he reads. *Could be handy*, he thinks to himself, *later down the road. Maybe just a small thing he learns today could turn out to save Cas's ass someday in the future.*

So he keeps going. The books piling high on his left side get moved to his right side as he goes.

By the time he clears out all the books piled on his left side, Dean can barely recognize the word "angel". His brain has already rewired the meaning of that word into -- "Cas."

Right around the time when Dean wonders if he can sneak out of the room without the other two noticing, Sam shouts out his eureka, "I find something! Hmm, maybe. I think."

"Aren't you a scholarship boy?" Dean gratefully lays down the book in his hands that must have more than a thousand pages with packed tiny fonts without any pictures, and gets up promptly. "What do you get?"

Dean and Cas gather around him, each taking a side of the chair and leaning on the armrest over Sam's shoulders.

Sam fingers the line he's reading. It's Enochian. Apparently, Sam must have learnt to read Enochian some time ago secretly, and Dean is the only one in the room blinking blindly at it right now.

Cas translates for him: "*The brightest of all light can purify darkness.*"

Sam points at a short line of handwritten notes in the margin right by the Enochian, "I'm actually reading this note."

Dean leans closer. "'*Darkness cannot drive out darkness, only light can do that.*' Why does that sound so familiar?"

Sam answers immediately, "Martin Luther King Jr."

"And that's connected to our problem how?" Dean frowns, letting go for once to not mock Sam's obsession with these historical figures that he can never understand.

"I'm thinking," Sam grooms through his thoughts with waving hands, "if that Angel Black Death plague is a symptom when angels get in too close contact with Darkness, and angels' true forms are like flowing lights, then it's practically *literally* a metaphor to say 'Light is getting consumed by the Darkness'. With the opposite of light -- the absence of light -- in their system, angels can't heal; that's why they're dying, and eventually all lights get consumed, and they end up dead. It sort of makes sense."

"And so the cure is... giving them more light?" Dean tries to catch up, connecting the dots.

"Yeah, it's either that or ask their Father or Aunt for help... but I don't think we can get Chuck or Amara back to fix this -- even if we can, to be honest, I don't really want to see them again so soon." Sam ponders. "So the only option is just this --"

"-- the brightest of all light." Cas finishes his sentence. "But what does that mean? Who has -- or, what *is* -- the brightest light?"

Realization hits all three of them at the same time. Though it comes with different names.

Sam stuns and breathes, "Lucifer."

At the very same moment, Castiel says, "Michael."

Dean blinks once, then goes, "Cas."

Sam turns to Cas, "What?"

Dean eyes Sam, "Really?"

Cas looks at Dean, "Yes?"

Dean stutters, "No, not calling you. Just thought you get pretty bright light, buddy, so bright it almost burned my eyes off, like, yesterday. Pretty sure it's the brightest *I*'ve ever seen."

Castiel lowers his head sheepishly. "I'm flattered, Dean. If it's true, I have no problem giving away any and all of the light I have to save the angels. But sadly it is not, I'm hardly bright at all from a normal angel's standard right now, with all the extraction and resurrection."

Dean can't help breathing out a short relieved breath, not sure if he should feel glad or sorry for it. He murmurs a quick "Sorry" under his breath.

Sam is still staring at Cas. "Michael?" his tone incredulous.

Cas turns to him to answer, "Yes, as far as I know, Michael is the first archangel God created, the strongest and the most powerful among all angels and archangels; it wouldn't be a surprise if he is also the brightest."

Sam nods slightly but is still not fully convinced. "Doesn't Lucifer also have a name called 'Morningstar'? I thought before the Fall, he was believed to be the brightest by many, according to the lore. I mean, isn't that why Michael and Lucifer fight in the first place? Fighting for the title of 'brightest' or 'God's favorite' or something like that, it's like Heaven's version of the Golden Apple Contest, and Apocalypse is exactly like the Trojan War. Not to mention he *did* ward you off when Amara was in Heaven last time."

"Jesus, when can we ever break free from these two bastards?" Dean whines loudly before Cas can answer, then asks. "Say we have two candidates, what's next?"

"We need them to, uhh --" Sam skims through the small texts below the Enochian line quickly -- luckily, the rest is in English. He scans fast for the next few lines, his brows raising higher as he reads if it's even possible. "Huh -- give away their light willingly. The cost of purification can take away as much as all the light from the source. And only a determined mind can last long enough to not disrupt the purification process before complete, or all is wasted."

Dean steps away from the armchair slowly to lean his hip on the table. "Wait, so, let me get this straight, the solution is to let Michael *or* Lucifer to -- what? Willingly sacrifice themselves to save all angels and humans? You ever met those two bastards? Don't think it's gonna happen till the end of the world. They might as well *want* the world to end and all angels dead!"

Sam thinks about it for a second. "I don't know, Dean, I mean, we got some big guys talking to us, and persuaded them to do the right thing. I'm talking about God himself, and Devil, and Darkness, and even Death -- and most of the time, they ended up listening to us."

"I actually find it rather miraculous," comments Cas.

"We might as well put up a sign in front of the bunker: 'Celestial family drama counseling office', small print: 'For free once a year, if it doesn't work, feel free to end the world'. Nice plan, Dr. Phil." Dean waves his hands in the air, gesturing the imaginary signs.

"You get a better plan?" Sam raises his brows, challenging.

Dean stammers, turning to Cas for support, and in return, the angel only gestures to Sam, very clearly showing the sign of "You know your brother is right" without actually saying it.

Dean sighs, annoyed but submissive, "I have a bad feeling about this. When can we get out of this we'll-end-the-world-or-the-world-will-end crap? Shit just never stops hitting fans!"

Cas gives him an upset smile.

Sam sighs a soft "Yeah" and falls to silence.
