---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death（Chap.2）Heaven on Edge（10）
date: 2024-11-15 01:29
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 DCBB
long_novels: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death
---

It turns out, that the researching and heavy reading part of the job is actually not as boring as one might presume. It would be easier if there is some kind of catalogue to indicate what each book is about, but the perk of not having one is that you get to run into things you totally wouldn't expect to read and ends up might actually learning something or even enjoying the reading time.

Like the one Dean is currently reading, "Ethereal Archetypes and Terrestrial Manifestation: A Comprehensive Ontological Examination of Transcendent Parallels between Angelic Entities and Biological Life Forms" -- which gets picked up because it has "angel" and "biology" in it -- turns out to be pretty much listing all known animals and pointing out their similarities and differences with an angel. And Dean has to hold back his laughter from time to time, and uses part of the brain to remind himself not looking up at Cas -- who sits just couple feet away from him, buried in his selection of books -- every other pages just because how accurate the description is.

The book says the angels might adopt their ways of manifestation by learning all animal behaviors, including but not limited to the man kind, examples including the way they tilt heads to look at target object comes from birds, most likely pigeons, they can be protective and loyal like dogs, territorial like wolves, cunning like foxes, distant like cold-bloods, and show great connection and closeness with creatures that last as long as they do, so they may guard jellyfish and bees as closely as humans.

The more Dean reads, the more he feels like he has to introduce Cas to whoever writes this book, it is almost as if they are literally describing Cas back to him. But pitifully, the behavioral descriptions are not giving enough information or indication about how exactly can they cure a sick angel. So Dean tosses the book aside, putting a note in his head thinking he might ask Cas some day about what's the deal with jellyfish.

The next book talks about perceived hierarchy and social structure of Heaven and Hell and their resemblance, which leads to its religious and cultural meaning. But Dean already notices some mistakes in the book, since he seriously doubts if any of the writers have ever run into any Prince of Hell or Knight of Hell. He might as well run a fact check with Cas about these things.

The next is about angelic occupational division, followed by experimentations with angel feathers, and then more. Okay, Dean decides, he wants to take his words back, it stops being entertaining a long time ago, now he'd rather go out get some stretch or maybe punch something. The only thing that keeps him continue scrambling the pages is the thought that he might learn more about bits and pieces about angels -- about Cas -- that might come handy later down the road.

By the time he clears out all the books piled on his left side, Dean can barely recognize the word "angel". His brain has already rewired the meaning of that word into -- "Cas".

Right around the time when Dean wonders if he can sneak out of the room without the rest two of them noticing, Sam shouts out his eureka, "I find something! Hmm, maybe. I think."

"Aren't you a scholarship boy." Dean gratefully lays down the book in his hands that must have more than a thousand pages with packed tiny fonts without any picture, and gets up promptly, "What do you get?"

Dean and Cas gather around him, each taking a side of the chair and leaning on the armrest over Sam's shoulder.

Sam fingers the line he's reading. It's Enochian. Apparently Sam must have learnt to read Enochian some time ago secretly and Dean is the only one in the room blinking blankly right now.

Cas translates, "*The brightest of all light can purify darkness.*"

Sam points at a short line of hand-written notes in the margin right by the Enochian, "I'm actually reading this note."

Dean leans closer, "'*Darkness cannot drive out darkness, only light can do that.*' Why does that sound so familiar?"

Sam answers immediately, "Martin Luther King Jr."

"And that's connected to our problem how?" Dean frowns, letting go for once to not mock at Sam's obsession with these historical figures that he can never understand.

"I'm thinking," Sam grooms through his thoughts, "if ABD is a symptom when angels get in too close contact with darkness, and angels' true forms are like flowing lights, then it's practically *literally* saying 'Light is getting consumed by the Darkness'. With the opposite of light -- the absence of light -- in their system, angels can't recover, that's why they're dying, and eventually all lights gone and they end up dead. It sort of makes sense."

"And so the cure is... giving them more light?" Dean catches up, connecting the lines and dots.

"Yeah, it's either that or... but I don't think we can get Chuck or Amara back to fix this -- even if we can, to be honest, I don't really want to see them again so soon." Sam ponders, "So the only option is just this --"

"-- the brightest of all light." Cas finishes his sentence. "But what does that mean? Who has -- or, what *is* -- the brightest light?"

Realization hits all three of them at the same time. Though it comes with different names.

Sam stuns and breathes, "Lucifer."

At the very same moment, Castiel says, "Michael."

Dean blinks once, then goes, "Cas."

Sam turns to Cas, "What?"

Dean eyes Sam, "Really?"

Cas looks at Dean, "Yes?"

Dean stutters, "No, not calling you. Just thought you get pretty bright light, buddy, so bright it almost burned my eyes off, like, yesterday. Pretty sure it's the brightest *I*'ve ever seen."

Castiel lowers his head sheepishly, "I'm flattered, Dean. If it's true, I have no problem giving away any and all of the light I have to save the angels. But sadly it is not, I'm hardly bright at all from angel standard right now, with all the extraction and revival."

Dean can't help breathing out a short relief, not sure if he should feel glad or sorry for it. He murmurs a quick "Sorry" under his breath.

Sam is still staring at Cas. "Michael?" his tone incredulous.

Cas turns to him to answer, "Yes, as far as I know, Michael is the first archangel God's created, strongest and the most powerful among all angels and archangels, it wouldn't be a surprise if he is also the brightest."

Sam nods slightly but still not fully convinced, "Doesn't Lucifer also have a name called 'Morningstar'? I thought before the Fall, he was believed to be the brightest by many according to the lore. I mean, isn't that's why Michael and Lucifer fight in the first place? Fighting for the title of 'brightest' and 'God's favorite', it's like the Heaven's version of Golden Apple Contest, and Armageddon is exactly like Trojan War."

"Jesus, when can we ever break free from these two bastards." Dean whines loudly before Cas can answer, then asks, "Say we have two candidates, what's next?"

"We need them to, uhh --" Sam reads through the small texts below the Enochian line, his brows raises higher if it's even possible, "huh -- give away their light willingly. The cost of purification can take away as much as all the light from the source. And only a determined mind can last long enough to not disrupt the purification process before complete."

Dean steps away from the armchair slowly to lean his hip on the table. "Wait so, let me get this straight, the solution is to let Michael *or* Lucifer to -- what? Willingly sacrifice themselves to save all angels and humans? You ever met those two? Don't think it's gonna happen."

Sam thinks about it for a second, "I don't know Dean, I mean, we got God himself -- and Devil, and Darkness, and even Death -- talking to us, and persuaded them to do the right thing, and most of times, they ended up listening to us."

"We might as well put up a sign in front of the bunker: 'Celestial family drama counseling office', small print: 'For free once a year, if it doesn't work, feel free to end the world'. Nice plan, Dr. Phil." Dean waves his hands in the air, gesturing the imaginary signs.

"You get a better one?" Sam raises his brows.

Dean stammers, looking at Cas for support, and in return the angel only gestures to Sam, very clearly showing the sign of "You know Sam is right" without actually saying it.

Dean sighs annoyedly, "When can we get out of this we'll-end-the-world-or-the-world-will-end crap? Shit just never stop hitting fans!"

Cas gives him a upset smile.

Sam sighs a soft "Yeah" and falls to silence.
