---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death（Chap.1）Here We Go, Again（3）
date: 2024-11-04 01:22
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester", "Sam Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 DCBB
long_novels: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death
---

Cas rummages through the drawers in the stock room, making all kinds of noises as random items get moved around.

"There." After a few minutes, Cas fetches a wooden box out of the top drawer, taking it back to the library table.

Inside the box, there is a syringe and a flask. The wooden brown cover of the flask has some mysterious illegible markings and patterns on it, so it might be somewhat unusual or magical, while the syringe looks just ordinary enough to blend in with regular hospital equipment.

"That's it?" Dean eyes them curiously, somehow expecting something fancier.

"Yes." Cas hands him both items. "You can use that to extract my life force and store it in the flask. I expect you may need to repeat the process a few times until I'm drained."

Dean swallows; he doesn't like how the word "drained" sounds, not at all.

"You sure it's safe?" Dean takes the two things from him, feeling uneasy.

"No," Castiel answers in a low but steady voice, "but as you say, we do not have a better option. I would hope we can execute the process near the gate, so I need not stay in the feeble state for any time longer than necessary."

Dean pulls a cheerless smile. "Don't use the word 'execute', will ya, buddy? Now I feel like an executioner."

Sam clears his throat behind them to remind the time.

Dean turns to the garage. "I'll get Baby ready in five."

<br>

The gate is not guarded by any angel. The whole playground is totally empty, no sign of any human or angel apart from them. Considering most of the angels are probably busy tending their new disease outbreak, it's more or less expected.

Dean still frowns at the place. He never liked this place. After the angels made the playground a Heaven elevator portal, nothing good ever happened every time anyone is near here.

The air in the Impala goes quiet for a few minutes after the car parks; all three of them fall into their own thoughts, before Dean breaks the silence.

"You ready?" He turns to Cas in the back seat.

"Just do it," Castiel answers gravely.

There is not much space in the Impala to make it a comfortable surgery table, so they have to make do. Castiel leans back on the back seat next to the door with his eyes closed, Dean holds the syringe tight and close to his skin near the neck, and Sam holds the flask beside him, watching them with his worried eyes.

Dean swallows, eyes wandering around Castiel's vulnerable bare skin by the throat, remembering this is exactly how every time Cas got his throat cut and grace taken, now he's trusting him to do the exact same worst thing to him. Dean has to use his left hand to steady the right one, like holding a gun for the first time.

Dean takes another breath, and finally pushes out the last inch. It turns out that it is fairly easy to stab a needle into someone's neck and start extracting -- or maybe it's just the angel biology being different from human, or the syringe isn't as normal as he thought it is. Bright glowing light starts flowing into the syringe; Dean can't help but stare at the beautiful light in there, his eyes get caught by the color and brightness of the light uncontrollably, his heart thumps with a sudden knowledge that, to some extent, he might be looking at Cas's true form right now, no matter how small the portion is.

When he tears his eyes away, Dean notices Cas clenches his teeth tight with deep lines between his eyebrows. His breath catches pace too, getting deeper and quicker, clearly enduring some huge pain.

Dean stops immediately, though the syringe is already pretty full with grace. He takes the needle out of Cas, asking eagerly with a hand landed on the angel's shoulder, "How you feeling?"

"Continue." Cas breathes out the single word between his gritted teeth.

Dean sighs, pushes the tube into the flask, and starts extracting a second time. And then a third.

Cas looks worse by the minute, sweat rolling down from his forehead, his body sliding down weakly on the seat.

"Okay I don't think we should..." Dean frowns deeply and is ready to give up on this terrible plan. Cas is just looking awful.

Cas grabs his wrist to prevent him from taking the needle out. "Keep. Going." His voice is hoarse and husky.

"Tell me I'm not killing you," Dean growls at him.

"You are not." Cas has to catch a breath between every few words. "You're doing the right thing." His eyes are still closed tight, probably to hold back pain. Dean thinks.

"Yeah sometimes the right thing sucks," Dean barks. "Tell me when to stop."

He can see the light in the syringe is already getting noticeably thinner; he can almost vividly imagine the mojo tank inside Cas getting lower as he drains.

"Almost there." Cas holds both hands on the edge of the seat to prevent himself from further sliding down, but even his fingers are too weak now to really do anything. His knuckles are white, more sweat pouring down.

Dean sees it all. "Okay I'm calling it." He decides after a few more minutes, gives up waiting for Cas's signal, takes the syringe away and hands it to Sam, like he can't bear to hold the damn thing one more second, like it's the criminal evidence that he's hurting Cas.

Cas breathes heavily, his chest rising and falling with rhythms of an uneven tide on the edge of a storm. Dean feels just as shitty and can't stop beating himself in his mind.

"Ready to take a walk?" He means to use a light joking tone but fails, the concern and worry leaking from his eyes into his voice.

Cas finally opens his eyes and looks back. Dean thinks even the blue in his eyes fades somewhat with the lack of grace, but maybe it's just the effect of the light.

Cas tries to climb out of the Impala on his own, but staggers so much he almost falls to the ground. Dean lends his shoulder to help and holds him to the gate.

"Think you'll be alright going upstairs and coming back by yourself?" Dean hesitates by the edge when Cas steps onto the sand.

Cas gives him a weak nod. "I'll be back as soon as possible," he says, in a tone of promise, and then the portal lights up.

Sands rise and spin like a mini-sandstorm. Cas lets out a moan that sounds far too close to a suppressed silent scream, as if he is being burned alive or torn apart by horses running in different directions, but uses all his power to swallow back that pain so that Dean might miss it. But Dean didn't. Dean yells his name, can't help himself from instantly reaching out a hand and almost stepping onto the sand, trying to drag Cas back down.

"No, Dean! Don't!" Real panic echoes in Cas's voice.

Dean feels their fingers might have touched for a split second, but immediately there is a force throwing him out. He stumbles back a few steps. By the time he steadies himself again, the sandstorm has settled down, and Castiel is no longer there.
