---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death（Chap.3）Rock Never Dies（1）
date: 2024-12-04 02:17
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Vince Vincente", "Lucifer"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 DCBB
long_novels: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death
---

Vince Vincente is not having a good day.

The show tonight was actually great. Tommy and the rest of the band were overexcited, and the crowd was loud. Though honestly, he doesn't see the point of having a regroup performance for the Ladyheart, he's just doing those old friends a favor.

"They are hosting the biggest rock music festival on the planet, and they invited us," Tommy told him on the phone when he was driving halfway across the country. He didn't bother to ask who "they" are but just listened.

"I think it would be nice to have a reprise, you know? Get a few concerts for some practice run, find the old feelings like we are still twenties," Tommy talked faster and faster, undoubtedly taken away by the imagination, feeling young again.

"And then in the festival, bang, we show up, we sing, we might go back on top again. Who knows, it can be another 1985 Live Aid again, you might regret the rest of your life if you turn this down. So what do you say? You in it with us, Vince?" Tommy urged him.

"Okay then," Vince answered plainly, uninterested, but he knew better than disappointing the only few friends he still had.

"Oh and, one more thing," Tommy added hesitantly, "it's gonna be in LA, you ok with that?"

He is not ok with it. Not at all. He said "Sure" back then on the phone just to make Tommy's life easier, but it's making his life go back to Hell again.

"Jen." Vince sits down in front of the makeup mirror, looking down at the photo of the woman he loved and lost thirty years ago.

This place, Los Angeles, it's where everything between them started and ended. He has been avoiding the place for thirty years, but now he's back again.

Memory devours him like a rising tide devouring a novice surfer. Vince can't breathe; his chest is clenched too tight.

"Vince --" a woman's voice is calling him, barely audible, familiar and alien. Sounds everything like his Jen, and everything that is not.

"Jen?" he answers automatically, looking around. Jen's voice is in the wind, coming from every direction. She's everywhere, but she's nowhere.

He's all alone.

Remote chatters and music drifting from outside the door, but inside, he's pretty sure he's all alone. The single light bulb on top of the make-up mirror flickers once. The thin curtain floats gently in the night wind. Might just be the sound of the wind, then.

*Too tired and too messed-up, maybe? That he even started hallucinating her voice?* Vince mocks himself. If it's punishment, he deserves it. It was all his fault, after all.

Night wind blows into the room, cold, this time, giving him a shiver. It's almost summertime in Los Angeles, even the nighttime shouldn't be this cold. A thin thread of thought wonders briefly but drops its attention after a blink.

He only glances at the window briefly. The white curtains fly up in the wind ominously, rustling, fluttering, like a woman's dancing dress. Or a woman's swaying skirt when she is falling from the penthouse in a free fall.

*Jen has a skirt just like that.* His mind frantically thinks. Panic starts climbing from his spine.

"Vince --" The voice gets louder, the sound of breath gets mixed in the wind.

Vince holds his hands on his temples, shutting his eyes. "Jen, please --" he pleads, tears gathering in his eyes.

He feels the floor shake. Once, twice. But is it an earthquake or his leg shaking, he cannot tell.

He thinks the lightbulbs over the mirror start flickering again too. More intensely going brighter, then darker, and brighter again, prickling his closed eyelids, leaving them hot and pained. Or maybe it's just the tears making the effect.

He swallows hard over the lump in his throat, letting the tears fall. "Jen, I'm so, so sorry --" he talks into the cold night wind in the middle of the room.

"Why?" she asks gently. Her voice is so soft, so real, far too solid to be a hallucination from the sound of the wind.

Vince snaps up his head and stares through his teary eyes.

Undoubtedly, Jen stands right there, in her beautiful red dress, even still wearing her favorite lipstick color, the sparkling pink. He remembers it tastes like strawberry as clear as yesterday. They would have kissed, and hugged, and had so much joy in each other's embrace, if she didn't -- if he didn't --

Vince breathes heavily. "Is this a dream?" he whispers, looking around the room again as if it can give him some answer, not daring to breathe as if it will blow the image of his love away.

"No, my love," Jen smiles at him, walking closer, "not a dream. I'm here." The edge of her dress floats around her bare feet. She walks over to him.

Vince can't do anything but stare at her moves, taking her in. Jen lands a hand on his cheek, caressing his stubble.

"I'm right here." She smiles gently, looking into his eyes. "But you didn't ask the right question."

"Are you --" Vince stumbles, tilting his head, leaning into her hand. He blinks the tears away to take a proper look at the woman standing inches away from him. He takes another deep breath, asking shakily, "-- Is that really you?"

"No," the woman who looks like Jen answers, her smile not fading but growing warmer, her hands still moving on Vince's face. "Better. I'm an angel."

Vince can't tear his gaze away; he can't move his head or body away, he just can't. Everything in her is drawing him in, and he's too tired to think or resist. He leans in more, dropping his head so his lips are ghosting around her skin. Her skin feels cold. But the night wind is cold too.

"Angel..." he murmurs under his breath, his brain failing to register the meaning.

"I can't bring her back," she says as she moves her hand to his scalp, fingers lingering on his hair behind the ear, "but I can make the pain go away."

She tiptoes slightly, her mouth right next to his cheek now, mild airflow brushing by his face, mixed with a faint taste of fruity sweetness. Vince closes his eyes, indulging himself in the memory of when Jen did that because she knew how much he loved it.

"As long as you say yes." Jen's voice blends with the image in the memory. Vince doesn't need to be told twice.

"Yes," he chokes in a shaky, teary voice, opening his eyes to look into his love's eyes.

Anything to make that pain go away.

"Yes," he says again, feeling the pressure in his chest releasing as the syllable leaves his tongue.

Anything to make him feel whole again.

Jen wraps her arms around him, then her figure dissipates. The lightbulb behind him flickers violently and finally goes out with a loud explosion sound.

Vince staggers briefly, takes two steps back before steadies himself.

He opens his eyes and looks into the mirror in the dark.

Two bloody red eyes look back at him.

Lucifer grins.
