---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death（Chap.2）Heaven on Edge（3）
date: 2024-11-08 01:26
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester", "Sam Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 DCBB
long_novels: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death
---

It is bad.

Castiel knows it's bad before he goes there, but the view still catches him off guard. He gasps in disbelief and pain.

He has never seen so many angels being so vulnerable and miserable.

He has seen enough angels wounded or permanently damaged from the wars back in the old biblical days when he was still in the garrison. His own hands have been covered with too much angel blood in the days when he did the worst wrong of all time. But none of that could compare with what he's seeing now.

It is not like war. It is not a massacre. It is extinction.

Full-scale, whole-species, extinction.

The power supply in Heaven is shaking violently. The power emergency alarm goes off every few seconds. Time flows differently in Heaven and on Earth, and for the mere seconds he sets foot on Heaven, it already weighs more than the eons he has existed.

Angels are dying. Dying in their true forms.

In Heaven, angels usually choose not to carry their vessels around. So it can be difficult for humans to comprehend -- as he explains to Sam and Dean later, if it's easier for them to imagine, maybe think about suited-up staff walking around office corridors, but it's nothing like that.

From what he perceives, their existences are more like clusters of light and energy, dispersing and aggregating across the dimensions. And all of that, is dying out. Their lights are shattering, energy draining, grace dissipating, existence disintegrating. It can be explained much more easily with a scattering wave function in hyper-dimension and unbounded space, but Sam and Dean would definitely ask him to skip this part.

*It's exactly like the human Black Death plague.* Cas thinks, *Dean is right.* Except this is bigger, darker, heavier.

This pandemic is not caused by a lack of hygiene or Yersinia pestis, but by... By what? Cas has no faintest clue. What can possibly destroy the Angels of the Lord on this massive scale, with such absoluteness? Not a single angel seems to be able to get away from the contagious symptom, dark shadows spreading from one cluster of light to another, entangled into every fiber of energy, eating away the brightness from inside out, erasing the angel's existence like antimatter devours matter.

If the mixed painful voices on the angel radio were heartbroken, being in Heaven among them and hearing them up close is truly unbearable. Castiel feels himself being torn apart purely by the agony of the sound itself. It is most horrifying when the last bit of an angel's light gets fully eaten up by the blackness. The frequency of their last cry is the most high-pitched sound that even an angel has never heard anywhere else before, piercing and scratching at the back of every angel's mind if they happen to be nearby. For Sam and Dean's understanding, as Cas later describes, think of it as the most painful human moaning and screaming sound when they're being tortured and dying, mixed with the sound of fingernails scraping the surface of a chalkboard or screeching metal.

<br>

"Okay, that's vivid enough." Dean cuts him off uncomfortably. "I get it, bad, real bad, horrifying ass-level bad. About right?"

They are back at the bunker now, sitting by the war room table, beers in hand, books by their side.

Cas nods grimly.

"Umm, Cas?" Sam asks carefully, "What will happen when -- if angels are really extinct? If they're all gone?"

Cas breathes heavily. "I can't imagine," he says after a beat.

"'You can't imagine'? What's that supposed to mean?" Dean demands with narrowed eyes.

"There will be no Heaven. All the souls in Heaven will be cast in the wind, billions and billions of souls banished to the Vail or the Earth. Or worse, Hell. New souls from any death coming after this will linger in the Vail without a place to go, before the Vail cracks with the burden. That's just the start. What do you think humans would be like when they realize there is no post-life reward after they die? There will be no eternal happiness waiting for them, regardless of how much good they do when they are alive or how much pain they have suffered?" Cas tilts his head again at Dean, eyes squinted.

Dean stammers, "Surely the post-life reward can't be the only thing people do good for."

"Some, maybe, but how many?" Cas sighs. "This angel disease -- pandemic -- thing, might not directly infect humans, but it can still destroy the world in the end, given time. And we don't have much time left to save it."

"What about you?" Dean glances at him, almost sheepishly.

"What about me?" Cas is confused for a second.

"Last time when I was in a world where all the angels were gone, you were like..." Dean's mind wanders briefly into the alternate world that feels like so long ago, where Zachariah sent him five years ahead of his own time, but he never forgets that Cas's look in there. He swallows. "Would that make you mortal? You know, if you're not infected."

Cas frowns to consider. "Without the supply from Heaven, yes, my power will be drained and I will become mortal eventually, but that's scarcely our biggest concern. The whole world will be ending, Dean."

Dean shares an alarmed look with Sam. "Annual world-ending event, awesome."

Cas quietly adds, "And there is more."

"More to this crap?!" Dean rolls his eyes.

<br>

Castiel searches corridor after corridor between souls' individual Heavenly rooms, looking for angel survivors. But he doesn't have much luck.

The place spreads and unfolds endlessly, and his body as a human is tiring out and dragging him back fast. His feet sore and heavy, his mouth dry and burning, he staggers, but keeps moving, though now he has to lean on the wall to keep himself upwards. A traveler lost in the middle of a desert might be in a better state than he is right now. One thread of his mind drifts away to the time when he saw that French writer pilot Antoine de Saint-Exupéry wandering in the desert, finishing his beautiful work of *Le Petit Prince*. His soul is somewhere around here, too, if he remembers correctly.

He can feel cracks of wounds popping up on his face and lips, on the back of his hands, and gradually spreading on every part of his body, like a nutshell right before it gets crushed and explodes into pieces. Blood soaking through the white shirt, he doesn't know how much time he has or how far he can keep going. This whole place, the Heaven, is folding around him, grabbing its child in its embrace like a mother to her newborn child. It is his birthplace, but it's not the place he would call home right now, and certainly not the place he wants to get captured and forced to stay at this moment -- there are people waiting for him to come back to. But he also doesn't think he can make it to the portal again. His steps stagger more heavily by each second.

"Castiel? Is that you?" an angel calls to him from around the next corridor. The sound is weak and sick and only echoes its existence in his mind, but it picks up sparks of hope at his approach.

Cas fights his way toward the call.

But the whole existence of Heaven pushes harder all around him. The force coming from the air presses on him heavily, like a hurricane blowing and surging over a pitiful leaf attached to a tree, pulling him towards the wall, towards a soul room manifested only for him, moving along with him, trying to absorb him in.

The wall becomes too dangerous to hold on to, but as soon as he lets go of the hold, Castiel's human legs give way. He hisses as his body hits the ground and sharp pain spreads all over. *He'll die here,* Cas thinks, *forced against his will to become a permanent resident of Heaven like all those other souls here, locked away in one of those billions of rooms and never see Dean again.* He should have hugged him before leaving and said a better farewell if he had known.

"Castiel --" the other angel calls again.

"Dumah." Cas recognizes her voice.

Crawling ahead desperately with the last bit of his strength, Cas arrives at the turn of that corridor. Dumah is there, in her true form, shining faintly and fading. Black shades and dark spots get their hold on her like every single other angel he sees in Heaven. Judging by the density of the blackness, she doesn't have long.

Pain and grief tear Castiel's heart apart. The last time he felt so powerless and useless was when he had to watch Dean Winchester being tortured and sliced in the Pit while his garrison still had miles of demons to clear. He doesn't quite understand that sensation of worry and fear back then, but after spending nearly a decade on Earth, he realizes now that the fear is because he's afraid that he may be too late. The same fear comes back now.

"Castiel, I'm glad you are here." Dumah sends the words into his mind.

"Why -- what is happening here? What is this?" Cas frowns deeply, ignoring his own wounds cutting deeper by the pressure and sharp edge in the air, more blood seeping out from his body.

"The Darkness." Dumah's consciousness is thinning away, so is her life force. Her words can barely form apprehensible meanings through the transmission, but she is trying, holding herself together as long as she can.

Cas leans in to grab the answer that is surfacing slowly. "But how? She had left this universe. This shouldn't happen."

"The damage was already done when she invaded Heaven last time. All angels were already infected back then; the symptoms only show later. The lower ranks died first, Cherubs, Cupids, the higher ranks came later, Seraphs too, no exception. Everyone in Heaven will die eventually. Every. Single. One. Of. Us."

"Is that why I'm not infected? I wasn't in Heaven at that time?" Cas can't help asking.

"Oh but you were. Because Lucifer was."
