---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death（Chap.1）Here We Go, Again（2）
date: 2024-11-01 02:25
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester", "Sam Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 DCBB
long_novels: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death
---

Something is wrong.

Something is always wrong, as they often say, with them being Winchesters. But this feels... not really *wrong* wrong, but *off*.

"I don't know how to tell you, Sammy, it's like my hair is in the wrong direction, or... or spider sense gets triggered or something." Dean is a bit irritated, hands flying everywhere trying vainly to compensate for the lack of accurate words. "My gut says so, okay? And I know better than ignoring a hunter's instinct. Something is definitely off but I don't know what. It's like forgetting a dream you just had two seconds ago."

Sam presses his palms on the forehead. They shouldn't have this conversation before they even have their first cup of coffee of the day. And this definitely shouldn't be how the second day after saving the universe starts. But here they are.

"Your gut telling you anything else? A bit more details?" Sam lets his fingers handle the coffee machine in autopilot mode, presses the power button after putting in everything, and turns back to face his brother. "Heaven? Hell? Up? Down? From anywhere? Anyone we can call?"

"It's my gut, Sam," Dean stares at him, "not Google, how the hell would I know?"

Sam sighs. "You sure it's not a post-traumatic stress something? Or a nightmare? Maybe you should just take some more rest. You did only stand up face to face with the full-power Darkness and almost died yesterday after all."

Dean rounds his eyes, his voice on the edge of snapping. "I know what PTSD is, and this ain't that, alright?"

Sam debates whether to point out that Dean didn't handle that well after he came back from Hell or Purgatory no matter how normal he pretended to be, maybe this is just like those times. But judging by Dean's face, he swallows the thought back. "You talked to Cas about that yet?" is what he decides to go with.

"No..." Dean pauses, looks around, pauses again, and then almost amused, "Did... did he oversleep even later than us?"

Sam throws up his hands to mean "I have no idea."

The next thought coming immediately after hits both of them at the same moment. Dean stiffens and Sam straights up from pouring newly made coffee. They share a tense look.

It can't be good. Angels don't sleep, and the few other times when Cas did sleep, he was either dying of a lack of grace or already became human. Or worse, the no-show could be another quiet leave without goodbye where he decides to do his own things, and that usually doesn't turn out very well.

Dean and Sam rush towards the guest room.

Dean gets there first and starts bumping on the door. "Cas, you in there?" He raises voice over his own pounding noise.

A mumbling voice answers from inside, but sounds a hell lot like moaning. Dean lets out a breath that he doesn't know he was holding, but almost immediately holds it again.

They both tilt head and stick closer to the door trying to make out what Cas is saying, but the door that usually is too thin to hold anything back suddenly seems too sound-proof now to catch any sentence.

Dean takes two steps back and lifts one leg, ready to kick his way in, when Sam is right on time to put a hand in front of him to stop. "Whoa, hey, you want to maybe try turn the door knob first?"

Dean gives him a glance, not at all guilty of unable to think straight. "Good idea."

He turns the door knob, and the door opens obediently. Dean deliberately ignores Sam's look on the back of his head.

Cas is in the room, sitting by his clean unslept-in bed, hands pressed firmly on the temple, eyes shut tight, looking too concentrated that it looks very close to pain.

Dean dashes inside, holding him around the shoulder, shaking slightly. "Hey, hey Cas, buddy, what's wrong? What happened?"

Cas looks like he has to take great effort to put his hands down and set the volume in his head lower before he can even try to start talking.

"It's angel radio." He looks at Dean with a grimace, his face wrinkled with pain. "Something is happening to the angels, they're getting sick and dying fast. From what I can hear, it's contagious and deadly. So much voice, so much agony. I have to go now."

"Wait, wait, hold on a sec, Cas, not so fast." Dean presses him back to bed right when Cas tries to stand up. "Contagious and deadly, you say?"

Cas nods. "Yes, it appears so."

"And you are, what, just gonna walk straight into it?" Dean's eyes are practically -- literally -- glaring now, "Like a man walking into a Black Death plague town? Not even wear a mask?"

Cas stares at him, voice starting to get harsh, "Yes! I am not a man, and I have to know more. Angels are dying, I can't just sit here doing nothing!"

"Well, you can't help if you're dead or sick too." Dean points out the obvious, then adds half-heartedly, "Besides, who cares if a few flying monkeys died, not like they're so friendly or helpful in the past. Hell, personally I still think there are too many of them around, might as well..."

"Dean." Sam warns quietly, and Dean shuts up just in time.

Cas shakes off Dean's hands from his shoulder and stands up quickly, steps away from him. His eyes are furious now, and maybe also a little something like hurt. Dean can't say he didn't flinch. It reminds him so much of the very first time seeing Castiel in that barn. Even without his wings, Cas can sometimes still be very intimidating, terrifying even.

"Sorry, didn't mean to..." Dean starts but gets cut off.

Cas grits his teeth. "In case you forget, *I* happen to also be one of the 'flying monkeys.'" The air quotes almost get Dean choked on his own unintended laugh. He has to fight hard to stop the face muscle from twitching.

"They might be ass-butts from time to time, but they are still my brothers and sisters," Castiel says sternly. Dean avoids his glares and can't help but feel a sting in the chest. Even if he understands the saying -- believe him, he really does -- still, the word "brother" might just mean differently sometimes.

"So yes, I am going back to Heaven to see what's happening, to save them if I can. Or die trying," Castiel concludes.

"We'll go with you." Words slip out of Dean's tongue before his brain catches what he's saying.

"Dean, you sure?" Sam speaks behind him, Dean almost forgets he's still there.

Cas's expression softens slightly. "No, you can't, Dean. It will kill you, and you know that. No human can be in Heaven. I have to go alone."

"Or ask the sick ones come down here?" Dean suggests hopefully. "So you don't have to be around all those coughing sneezing guys?"

"Cas, do we know if this angel sickness can pass on to human?" Sam asks reasonably. Dean gives him an appreciated glance, at least some of them are still able to think straight.

Cas looks at Sam for the first time after they burst into the room. "I don't think so," he says after some thought. "Angels technically don't exist in the same dimension as humans, we only manifest into this dimension when we need to. So whatever this is, I don't think it can cross dimension."

"Awesome." Dean's whole body muscle loosens up slightly, "good to know humans won't extinct because the flying dudes poke at the wrong place."

"But I don't think they can be moved to Earth or if they'd be willing to." Cas looks back at Dean again.

"Why not?"

"Would you be willing to go to a strange new place, like abroad or the Moon, when you're seriously sick and dying?" Cas squints his eyes.

"Fair point," Sam admits while Dean makes a funny little defeated sound with his nose.

"So can we all agree now that I need to go? Alone, and immediately?" Cas sighs, getting noticeably more impatient as time passes by.

Sam opens and closes his mouth a few times, looks like he still tries to object but doesn't know what to say. Dean stares at one far end on the wall slightly past Cas's shoulder, eyes unfocused, seems to be deep in thought.

Cas walks towards the door.

"What if," Dean holds out a finger, but still locks his eyes on that spot, not out of the contemplate, "what if you go as a human?"

The room falls silent, Dean looks up to meet two x-ray gazes that are so sharp that he almost can feel the cut on his skin. He shifts his feet uncomfortably. "Hear me out, you said humans can't get infected by this angelic black death, right? And you had been back to Heaven before even without or with little of your grace, so I'm guessing the pure born-and-raised *human*-human is different from the *you*-human. So think of being a human like having a dose of vaccine, what if we somehow drain your grace to *almost* like a human, keep it safe, you go there, do your thing, poke around, solve the problem, and come back juicing up again, voila, problem solved."

"Dean," Sam sighs, "I don't even want to start on how many things can go wrong there."

"I'm not saying I like it." Dean eyes him, then focuses back on the only angel in the room. "Hell, even *I* hate myself for saying that, God knows how tough it is every time see you lose your mojo, but it's still better than deadly sick or die -- a thousand times better. What do you say?"

Castiel considers carefully.

Dean studies him and waits.

Sam watches them both, turning his head back and forth.

"So?" Dean asks hopefully, "Would it work?"

"Probably," Cas says solemnly and slowly. The way he tilts his head, it looks like he's half thinking, half tuning back to the angel radio again. He frowns deeply again then decides, "I'd like to try it."

"Great," Dean says fake-cheerfully, gesturing to his brother and mouthing a silent "See? I'm a genius." Sam snorts with a light curl on the edge of the lip.

"So what do we need?" Sam asks.

"Nothing we don't already have in the bunker." Cas heads toward one of the stock rooms by the library, Sam and Dean follow him closely.
