---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death（Chap.3）Rock Never Dies（6）
date: 2025-07-30 00:35
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Dean Winchester", "Castiel", "Sam Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 DCBB
long_novels: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death
---

"I can't find anything online," Sam shuts off his laptop, exhausted. "Detroit was in Hell back then, like, literally. No surprise that no one kept record for a mysterious body in a deserted apartment."

"We might have to go back there then, take a look what happened. He might still be there, with any luck." Dean thinks aloud.

"Then he will just be a pile of bones, like Rowena suggested." Cas comments.

Dean pinches the bridge of his nose. "Fixing that body gotta be easier than fixing that rock star's, eh? For one, the Devil isn't in him right this moment. It's like finding him something temporary usable as a substitute."

"I still don't like the idea," Sam sighs, but standing up obediently. "Alright, I'll go packing. Meet you in the garage in ten?"

"I'm coming too," Cas follows him to stand up. But he staggers, almost tripping over a table leg. Dean is quick enough to land him a hand on the shoulder. Cas has to hold on to the table for some support. Dean leads him to sit back down.

"Woah, buddy, I don't think you're going anywhere." Dean watches him closely, worried. "You alright? Is it just the light or you look even worse than two days ago?"

"It's the light," Cas says, breathing heavily, trying to stand up again, regardless of Dean's hand on his shoulder. Dean presses him back down, exchanging a look with Sam.

"You know what, we need someone keep an eye on the Devil too. I don't want to come back and find him on the loose again, or the bunker gets torn apart, or both. Why don't you get some more rest, research on how to patch a body, find some spell we can try later? We'll be back before you know it."

"I can still fight," Cas says stubbornly, not meeting his eyes. "You don't know what you might run into in Detroit." But his body leans into the seat.

"I know you can," Dean gives him a quick pat on the shoulder, trying to pull a small smile. "We just need you in a different battlefield."

"Alright," Cas says finally with a small pout, which Dean finds just too adorable to not stare for a moment longer than necessary.

"Call me if you need anything. I can drive to meet you if you need," Cas says behind them when they head for the garage.

"Of course," Dean answers freely, waving a goodbye.

<br>

"Something's up with him." Dean says, as soon as they pull out of the bunker garage and run onto the road, heading east. "He's weak, he's hurt, he couldn't heal himself. Oh, and he needs sleep now -- never a good sign."

"What, you think he's lying to us? Something he didn't tell?" Sam asks. "Like that time you said he was sketchy when Naomi was pulling his strings or he was running around with Crowley?"

"I don't know, man. I just don't know what's happening and I don't like it." Dean frowns at the windshield.

"He did just recently get his grace extracted and reinjected -- it gotta be like a major angel surgery or something, right? And then the whole trip to the Heaven and back, the fight with Lucifer -- It sorta makes sense he's exhausted, don't you think?" Sam says reasonably.

Dean hums quietly, not quite convinced.

"I just wish I know how to help him," he says bitterly.

"I know what you mean," Sam sighs, but doesn't have much to add.

They roll into Detroit in little more than ten hours. The night folds around them. Everything seems far too familiar.

Sam grimaces when the same shabby deserted apartment building comes into view. Dean manages to find it just by his memory -- the part of the memory he wished he had forgotten, but something like that, it probably already branded into his brain cortex.

Dean has to swallow down all the bitter taste on his tongue too when he shuts the engine and steps out.

This part of the town seems completely deserted since the Devil's show seven years ago -- not like it was downtown back in the day either, any way.

Sam breathes heavily when he gets out of the car, stepping onto the uneven ground.

The back street they parked is covered with litters, empty bottles mostly. Dean has to force his brain to not think if those are the exact same ones Sam has to juice up with demon blood from.

This really seems to be the worst plan they've ever made -- worst since Sam said "Yes."

"You okay?" Dean eyes his brother from the back.

Sam's chest heaves and falls violently when he looks up at the apartment window from outside. He bites his lips hard.

"Yeah," he says. "Let's go."

Sam finds the exact room like it's second nature.

It's layered with dust worth of seven years. The window is dark and dirty, but with a clearing that looks like a handwritten Devil's Trident. Dean stares at it for a brief moment, wondering if it's just another Lucifer's bad joke or it might actually have some magic in it.

There are two rotten bodies near the door, but neither of them are Nick. Sam remembers them, the sidekick demons killed by *him*. But now he looks at them, he realizes those were once two men, too. With their bodies decaying into bones and skeletons, and he wonders for the first time where their family might be. But that's not really the most urgent matter on their world-saving todo list.

Dean walks toward the window, wiping the dust on the floor with the tip of his shoes. "He should be here somewhere," he says.

"If no one moved him," Sam murmurs, looking around. "There's sulfur everywhere."

"Of course there's sulfur everywhere, Lucifer was here, remember?" Dean mocks.

"No, I mean no sign of angels then. And if it's human who find him and take him, why would they leave the other two unattended?" Sam reasons.

Dean thinks with his head tilted slightly, impressed. "Nice thinking, Sherlock. So we know it's demons taking him."

"Which means Crowley," Sam sighs.

"I knew it!" Dean grits his teeth, punching the air with frustrated hands. "Dammit, if he dragged Nick's body all those years ago, he could have stashed him anywhere. We might as well dig the whole Hell up and not find a bone from him."

"Dead end, then." Sam agrees.

But right then, their breath start turning into white mist. Room temperature drops so much that the dusty window starts freezing up. Dean reaches for his gun in one hand, EMF in the other. The little detector beep loudly with the pointer reaching the red zone.

"Ghosts," Sam jumps alarmingly, having his gun ready, loading it with salt-loaded bullets.

"How come there are ghosts all of a sudden?" Dean scans the room, whispering. "Not like anyone died here -- oh crap." He glances at the dead demon vessels.

Sam follows his gaze. "Or could be Nick coming back himself? This is probably where he died too."

"Nick?" A woman's voice says faintly. "Nick, where are you?"

Dean exchanges a confused look with Sam.

"Who are you?" Dean raises his voice. "Show yourself!"

The ghost of a woman in white sleeping gown with long brown hair emerges in the air slowly. She looks sad and terrified.

Dean takes a ginger step toward her, gun lowering a few inches, but still in her general direction.

Sam squints at her arms. She folds her arms like a cradle, with a semitransparent ghost of a sleeping infant in there.

"Is that..." Dean widens his eyes. "Is that a baby ghost?"

"Is that even possible?" Sam gapes his mouth too, when he takes a clearer view at the woman and the baby. "Babies can't possible be vengeful or something?"

Dean shoots him a glare, whispering, "Dude, *The Omen*, *Shining*, *Chucky*."

"Yeah, but they're not like babies that are still in cradles! And they're movies, Dean!" Sam hisses back.

The woman looks at them, moving her wide sad eyes from Sam to Dean, as if she only now gets a good look at them. "What is happening? Where is Nick?"

Dean huffs a laugh. "Yeah, lady, exactly our questions, too: 'What's happening' and 'Where's Nick'."

Sam answers, "I'm Sam, this is Dean. We're looking for Nick, too. Who are you?"

"Sarah," the woman answers dreamily, "and this is Teddy. Please tell me what's happening." Her tone is terrified, but nothing hateful or outrageous as they usually seen in vengeful spirits.

Sam exhales slowly, lowering his gun, stepping to her carefully like approaching a scared wild creature. "Sarah, it might be a little difficult to take, but, uh... you are dead, and now a ghost." He exchanges an unnerving look with Dean, waiting.

"I know," Sarah says, much to their surprise. "I remember having to see my husband say 'Yes' to the Devil, right there in our bedroom, and there was nothing I could do to save him. It broke my heart."

Dean blinks rapidly. "You know?"

"Your husband?" Sam says at the same moment, inhaling with realization. "You're Nick's wife, and this is his son," he nods slowly. "I'm sorry."

"How old is your son?" Dean asks.

"Three months," Sarah answers, teary-eyed immediately, looking down at the baby in her arms. The ghost of the three-month baby shine vaguely and peacefully, more like a soul from Heaven than a ghost.

"I'm sorry, but that's not possible," Dean says, bewildered. "Three-month-olds don't usually decide they have unfinished business and stay behind."

"Is your son always a ghost, like you?" Sam asks carefully.

"No, only from yesterday." Sarah looks up at him. "Something must be wrong. I think. The place I was in was suddenly so crowded in the last few days. And he just, suddenly fell to me."

"Heaven's breaking apart." Dean turns to Sam, frowning deep. "Souls from Heaven are falling to the Vail. Cas warned us about it. Even baby souls, god, it's so messed up." He breathes out heavily, lowering his hand with the gun completely.

"Why are you here, Sarah?" Sam asks instead. "It must be five hundred miles away from your home. Ghosts don't usually move around so much."

"Unless the thing or person they're attached to moved." Dean corrects him, forming a theory. "Do you know where your husband is, Sarah?"

Sarah shakes her head apologetically. "The distance in this place -- the Vail? -- it felt different. I don't know where exactly, but I can feel him. He's chained, he's in a lot of pain."

"Sounds like Lucifer now," Sam whispers quickly to Dean, who returns a brief nod.

"But he's on Earth, alive?" Dean takes a step toward Sarah, staring at her.

"Yes," Sarah answers breathlessly. "It's dark, the place he is, but there is a small closed window, high up on the wall, barred. Like a facility." She takes turns looking at them, pleading, "Can you help find him, and save him? I can't move on without knowing he's alright."

"We'll try our best," Sam tells her, but he looks away.

"Is there anything else you noticed, anything to help us find him?" Dean pushes.

Sarah frowns hard, squeezing her eyes, as if she's looking very attentively at something in the Vail. "It's all very vague, it's like I can sense around him, but not clear enough to reach him. I think... the air around him smells salty, I think that's why I can't get to him. I only came here because I sensed the disturbance in the last place he was, and you were speaking his name."

"Salty. That's good," Dean nods, "must be somewhere near the sea then, that's good, we can start from there." He gives Sam a look, head tilting toward the door.

Sam gives Sarah a friendly smile. "Thank you. We'll find him. Try get some peace," he tells her, though still can't quite look her in the eyes.

They leave the apartment.

And soon, out of Detroit.

"Abandoned facility. Somewhere near the sea." Sam says as he types into the laptop on the passenger seat.

"She's not Jessica, you know," Dean blurts out.

"What?" Sam startles, staring at him. "Of course not, I know that."

"Good," Dean has his eyes trained pointedly at the road before them, voice a little strained. "I saw the way you talk to her. Just thought to remind you that."

"Right, yeah." Sam turns back to his laptop, face carefully controlled, rapidly typing and scrolling the page for a few minutes. Then, suddenly lifts his head again, "I wasn't guilty because she reminds me of Jess, Dean. It's because she doesn't know Nick's already in Hell. They'll never reunite again. And we're not really there helping either of them, we just want Nick's *body* for Christ's sake. We're no better than what Lucifer did to them."

"We're trying to save the world here!" Dean snaps, clenching the wheel far too tight. The car shifts on the road unsteadily. "Lucifer ruined their lives, Nick said 'Yes' -- We didn't do any of that! In fact, once we're done with this crap in Heaven, stop the souls from falling from there, we'll send her to peace too. Now will you please focus on the case and find where Crowley stashed the body?"

Sam sighs defeatedly, stopping the arguing.

Dean fumbles his phone and dials a number from the speed-dial.

The phone rings until it goes to the voicemail.

Dean glances down at the screen with a frown, then talking to it: "Cas, you alright? We have some leads about where Nick's body might be, could use some help locating the exact place. Call me when you can."

Sam doesn't look up. "Cas not answering?"

"Yeah, must be sleeping or something. That's good, he could use some rest." Dean checks his watch. It's indeed quite late, now that he thinks about that. They've been practically driving the whole day and then just ran straight into that ghost show. His nerve is cracking with exhaustion now that adrenaline starts dropping.

"So could we," Sam says exactly what he has in mind.

They pull over at the first motel out of the town.
