---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death（Chap.3）Rock Never Dies（10）
date: 2025-08-01 14:28
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Dean Winchester", "Castiel"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 DCBB
long_novels: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death
---

"We want the same thing here. Lucifer in that body, and you got the controller, I assume?" Sam was saying to Crowley, back when they were in that Asylum, standing in front of Nick. "We'll need to borrow the remote too, if you don't mind."

"What do you think the control *is*, Moose? A TV remote?" Crowley mocked.

Dean and Sam glared at him with the same blank looks.

Crowley let out an impatient sound. "The control is not a *thing* you can carry around or borrow. It's *me*! *I* get a direct link to this body, this new cage -- tuning the lights up and down, I say go left he can't go right. The Devil is going to be just a puppet once he's inside that body."

"Then come with us!" Dean said, "Tell the Devil what to do, isn't that what you wanted?"

Crowley looked uneasy. "Happy to, but did you lot forget all the demon-proof sigils everywhere in that place? You might as well burn me alive then ask me walk into that damned place. The bloody floor is worse than walking on the summer beach on bare feet! Why do you think I never visited?"

Dean shrugged. He did forget bunker was the safest place on Earth, supposedly anyway -- looks like it's still true, to some extent. "Do I look like I care?"

Crowley sighed, resigned. He snapped his finger. "There, now Moose can act as my proxy. My agent on field. Happy?"

Sam narrowed his eyes. "What did you do?"

"Everything you want and more. Now get out of my place and have fun with the Devil." Crowley walked back to his throne room, heading to the corner cabinet to pour wine.

"I don't feel anything." On their way home, Sam had said, frowning. "Do you think Crowley told us the truth? We now have the control over Lucifer?"

Dean glanced at him, shrugging. "I don't know. Depend on how much you trust Crowley, I guess -- but he was doing okay recently, all things considered. He wanted Lucifer suffer as much as we do, so yeah, I think it should be a good bet -- as good as we can have, anyway."

"Or Lucifer gets a free new body, and we are screwed. No pressure, right?" Sam breathed out heavily.

But as it turns out, Crowley did give them the real deal -- the Cage-bound body, the perfectly easy-to-use control. The whole set.

"Sit," Sam commands, pointing at the chair in the dungeon.

Lucifer's face twitches, teeth gritting, eyes murdering, but his legs, walk toward the chair and sit down just as he's told.

"Kneel," Sam says again. The lines on his face are smoothed, Dean thinks he's never seen Sam so relieved.

"Kinky," Lucifer says jokingly, trying to hold his arms to the chair, but his body moves forward, knees bending. He kneels before them, looking up with narrowed eyes. "Okay, I get it, now you're going to enjoy a moment of power --"

"Shut up," Sam commands with a sharp voice.

Lucifer shuts his mouth instantly, half the sentence cut short.

Sam smiles small, satisfied. Dean huffs, amused, "We should have that earlier."

They leave the dungeon shortly.

"That went so much better than I thought." Dean grins slightly, the moment they're sure they're out of the Devil's ear range, just in case his freaky archangel ability can still hear across the wall. "Why didn't we have that earlier?"

Sam hums, agreeing.

Dean eyes him. "How do you feel? Controlling the Devil? That doesn't have any... I don't know, side effect? Fine prints?"

"No," Sam says, thinking for a second. "It feels amazing. I mean, I've never thought about it's even possible. But that thing back there, telling him to shut up and he has to obey? Yeah, the best thing I've felt since ten years ago -- I wasn't afraid of him anymore."

"Okay, great." Dean exhales in relief. "But just to be safe, let's not use that too often, maybe? We still don't know how Crowley did it, just in case something bite our ass again. Oh, and... don't forget the book said he has to *willingly* give up his 'light' to save all the angels. We still have to figure that out. You can't really force a self-sacrifice."

"Doesn't sound too difficult now, with what we have," Sam says easily.

Dean gives him a nod. "We'll figure that out later. I need to check on Cas now."

<br>

Cas is asleep, by the time Dean's back to his room. He breathes quietly, the rhythm of sea's wave patting on the shore sand. Long and deep.

Dean smiles small at the sound of that.

There is an armchair next to the wall in his room. Dean settles down there, shifting slightly to find a comfortable spot.

He closes his eyes, listening to that rhythm, thinking this is a long day. And tomorrow will be better. It has to.

He wakes up finding himself on the bed, all clothes on but the boots are off. The room is still vaguely dim without a window. But the freshness in his head tells him it's been a full and nice long night's sleep. Something he doesn't usually find when waking up.

Dean sits up slowly. Remembering this isn't his room.

Cas shifts on the armchair next to the bed, the one he planned to spend the night on, reading a book.

"Hello, Dean." Cas looks up, closing his book and leaving it on the bedstand.

"You're up early." Dean looks him up and down.

Cas has his suits and trench coat on now, all nice and clean. No sign of blood or sickness in his look. As if the way he looks yesterday was just a bad dream of Dean's.

"It's actually not so early now," Cas tells him gently. "The Sun has been up for a few hours."

Dean gets off the bed. "How you feel? You look awful yesterday."

"A lot better now," Cas says, tilting his head, looking somewhere left of Dean.

"What did Lucifer do?" Dean prompts, studying him.

"Something dark, I suppose. I don't really know." Cas says thoughtfully. Not offering much.

"He said it's not him, he didn't do anything." Dean doesn't know why he said that. It's not like he's trusting Devil's words over Cas's.

"And you believed that?" Cas narrows his eyes.

Dean shrugs. "Of course not."

"How's the search on Nick's body?" Cas stands up from the chair -- not staggering this time -- smoothens the skirt of the coat, heading to the door.

"Better than I thought, actually." From there, Dean tells him everything he missed from those tons of messages and unanswered calls.

"I'm sorry," Cas says, when he finished talking.

Dean raises an eyebrow, "What for?"

"Making you worried," Cas lowers his eyes again. "As you can see, I'm fine."

Dean smiles a little, nodding.

"But now we really need to start working on saving the angels and the Heaven, if you don't mind." Cas says, gesturing upward, pointing at the ceiling as they walk out of the room, down the hallway toward to the library. "We have wasted a lot of time -- because of me. It's getting worse by every minute."

"How bad?" Dean asks, following him.

"The sound of it is like earthquakes on Earth, but for Heaven, the shaking is making the whole celestial dimension crack. There are rifts that souls are falling from. You might find more ghost or spirit cases shortly, similar to Nick's wife and son." Cas says, voice low.

Sam greets them in the library, in the middle of scrolling on the laptop pages, noting something down on a piece of paper. A handful of their spare phones lie around on the desk, busy buzzing with incoming calls and messages.

"What's that?" Dean glances at the paper he's working on. It has a long list of locations and it's still growing.

"I think the Vail is going nuts," Sam says, wiping his face with the free hand.

"Define 'nuts'," Dean says, though he already has some idea.

"Basically, we have more ghost stories in the last twenty-four hours than the past ten years altogether. I got hunters calling from everywhere saying there are more ghosts than they've ever seen, but they're not vengeful, they're just... there. Confused, just like we're, like they don't belong there, and they have no idea why they're here." Sam hands them the list. "I was trying to see if any of them are real vengeful spirit cases that need attention."

Dean notices Sioux Falls, South Dakota is on the list.

"It's happening," Cas tells him what he just told Dean, the breaking and creaking of Heaven. "We have to act quickly now. If Heaven is left unattended for too long, it won't just be cracks."

"I'll go get Lucifer," Sam volunteers. Dean doesn't stop him.

<br>

Lucifer wanders into the library, following Sam like a dog on a leash. His head lowered, his look sheepish. The delusion of obedience can almost fool anyone who doesn't know him. But the hunters and the angel in the room know better than be deceived.

He opens his mouth, stretching his tongue, but no sound comes out. That "shut up" command is such a charm, they should have that always on default setting.

"Okay, where are we?" Dean takes a step toward the Devil, just so he could stand right in front of Cas. "Right, got a bit catch-up to do."

They tell the Devil the Angel Black Death and the crisis in Heaven, the falling souls into the Vail, and that they need Lucifer with his brightest light.

"You may talk now," Sam commands.

Lucifer exercises his mouth exaggeratedly. "Guys, I'm so glad to be your first choice here." He smiles, almost as if genuinely. He looks them from one to another, eyes lingering on Cas for an extra moment, then turns back to Dean. "Guys, I would love to help, I really do."

"No one's stopping you," Dean snaps.

Lucifer holds two palms up, a look of helplessness. "But look, I'm weakened. Amara, the cuff, and Sam! I like the kinks, but this is just -- too kinky even for me." He touches his throat, gesturing at his grace. "I was the brightest light for millions of years, even in the Cage -- the Morningstar and everything. But just unfortunately not tonight. What's the word? Bad timing --"

"How do we juice you up?" Dean swallows, asking dryly.

"Let me see," Lucifer starts counting fingers with a wide smile, "a few million souls -- I don't mind from where, Heaven, Hell, Purgatory, you guys know the way; my sword -- haven't seen it for years, missed it so much, but it would work so nicely --"

"What's it like? Your sword?" Dean asks.

"You know, strong, big, long. I can ride along. And best of all -- it's not very far or very difficult to find." Lucifer curls his lips, eyes shifting to Sam, wiggling his eyebrows.

"Me." Sam takes a sharp breath.

"You can go to Hell," Dean snaps at Lucifer, landing a hand on Sam's shoulder, pulling him farther away from the Devil.

"Been there, done that. Not a fan," the Devil answers flatly.

"Dean -- we are not seriously talking about 'how to make Lucifer powerful again', are we?" Cas warns with a low voice.

"Yeah, Dean -- are we?" Lucifer mimics his tone. Cas shoots him a glare.

"Unfortunately, we are." Dean turns slightly to Cas, talking to him low and rapidly. "As much as I hate it, it might be the only way."

"Maybe not," Sam says beside them. "There is another." He gives Dean and Cas a look.

Lucifer squints at them, "What, Michael? You're talking about *Michael*? My douchebag brother Michael who's rotting in the Cage, drooling and touching himself everyday? And you think *he* has brighter light than *me*? Please." He looks insulted.

Dean tilts his head in Lucifer's direction, talking to Sam, "He's not wrong."

But Cas says, low and urgent, "Is he? Say Lucifer is only half his light, and with the affect of Cage, Michael must also be weakened, which makes him probably half his light too -- we may actually need both of them. The angel infection comes from Darkness, we would have needed God to cure it --"

"No, we are not getting Michael out of Cage. Out of question. Not until we know we really run out of options!" Dean tells them firmly, his fingers fidgeting the skirt of his flannel. "Am I the only one didn't forget the last time those two are in the same room? That didn't work so well!"

"You're afraid," Lucifer laughs suddenly with realization. "You are afraid Michael would jump your skin the moment he's out. Had to say, learn from your brother, Dean. Sam doesn't have any issue walking around me."

"Shut up," Dean glares at him outrageously, then turns to Sam. "Tell him to shut the fuck up!" Then back to both of them, "Come on, it's like putting two nuclear together and hope they don't explode! What's the odds?"

Lucifer makes a thinking face, "Actually, you know what, on second thought, I like your idea -- get Mikey out, we'll have some brother moment, and vola, put the big showdown back on track, you know, the one you derailed? I missed that. What do you say?"

Sam looks from Lucifer to Dean. "I thought that's part of the idea, the two of them go blown up together, their explosion lights purify the Heaven and angels."

"And take half the planet with it? I didn't know that's part of any plan!" Dean retorts harshly. "I was thinking more like a nuclear power plant, not a freaking Apocalypse round two!"

Cas says, frowning deep, "But we may not have enough time for him *or Michael* to recover properly. It's already happening. We're running out of time." He nods at the ghost-sighting list Sam was putting together earlier.

"Then we'd better hurry up figuring out where to find some sorry-ass doomed souls for him to chew on." Dean points a finger at the Devil without looking.

"I still think you're afraid of Michael. You can't hide from him forever --" Lucifer comments observantly with a dragging voice.

"You shut up," Sam points at him. And the Devil is muted. Dean gives him an appreciated look.

"Alright, enough talking and more working! End of discussion!" Dean claps decidedly, pressing his hands on the desk.

Sam takes the cue to bring Lucifer back to the dungeon.

Cas takes a step closer to Dean while they're gone, standing merely inches away, studying his face that suddenly sags down exhaustedly with a hard mask down. "Are you okay?" he asks quietly. "Dean, is Lucifer right about why you don't want to approach Michael? That you worry he might possess you?"

Dean closes his eyes, shaking his head, taking a long breath. "One thing I know for sure from the past ten years -- we go down that path, pull some big stunts, some of us are gonna end up bloody -- first time round was Sam," he points in the general direction that Sam just left, then back at Cas, "-- second time was you, and then Sam again, and you again... It's like we've been taking turns to get a deathroll number. I lost count of how many times and how many people we've lost, Cas. Think I've have enough of it."

He looks up at the angel, looking into those big blue eyes, battered. "Now, with Lucifer alone and the tricks we have, I'm pretty sure we can handle him alright now, but adding another archangel? Putting Michael and Lucifer in the same room? That sounds damn like the kind of stunt above our paygrade. So yeah, if there is any other way, *any* at all, I don't want to pull the trigger for the new round of Apocalypse. For once, we are all here and alive, you, me, Sam, I'd like to keep it that way, you hear me?"

Cas nods quietly with drooping eyes. "Okay," he says eventually.

A phone ring saves them from more talks that might would have come. Sam's phone vibrates on the desk. Dean picks it up for him.

"Sam --" Jody's voice comes out of the speaker, muffled and tired. "Do you mind come over? Bobby is here, and a few other folks you guys might want to meet."

<br>

**Words after the chapter:**

About the quoted lyrics, they are actually mostly real songs from real band (that are actually beautiful metal songs that I enjoyed).

"Down and out as Darkness falls, shakes the Cage in deep withdrawals. Without Darkness there's no light, but he is someone's little boy." -- Metallica "Chasing Light"

"Perdition awaits, my soul is at stake. Will I find a stairway to the skies in the end?" -- Within Temptation "Stairway to The Skies"

"I've been in Hell for many years, and all the time is lost for me, for eternity. I try to take back what was mine, a prison they have made my mind, my enemy." -- Xandria "You Will Never be Our God"
