---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death（Chap.3）Rock Never Dies（4）
date: 2025-07-29 01:43
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Dean Winchester", "Castiel", "Sam Winchester", "Lucifer", "Fergus MacLeod/Crowley", "Rowena MacLeod"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 DCBB
long_novels: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death
---

"You got some nerve coming here, Red." Lucifer looks out at the slim woman before him through Vince's eyes. He doesn't even bother getting the band members out of the green room -- not that he cares, or they care, really. "Just a groupie," he told them.

Rowena doesn't seem to mind that term either, or if she did, she doesn't show.

"Lucifer," she calls the Devil's name sweetly as if a lover -- she does play the role perfectly. She wears a bloody red long dress tonight, fitting her well.

"My Lord," she glances at him through her long upper eyelashes, blinking sheepishly. "If there is anything I can do for you, just ask --"

"Now that you mentioned --" Lucifer touches the skin on Vince's face a little self-consciously, turning to the lit-up makeup mirror. Dead skin falls from where his fingers touch, leaving ashy traces. The vessel is degrading fast.

"I can use a fine makeup artist." He looks at Rowena through the mirror's reflection. "Or you know, if you have any beauty spells locked up in that witchy brain of yours, that will do. I got a big show tonight, after all."

"Of course, My Lord. Do you want to cover that up or something more permanent? Making this vessel stronger, perhaps? Strong enough to hold you?" Rowena wanders behind him, eyeing the Devil and his reflection in the glass. She reaches for her handbag left on the green room couch.

"It does look good on me, don't you say?" Lucifer regards himself, lifting his chin to check the body he's in up and down. "Show me what you got, will you?"

Rowena has her back toward Lucifer now, glancing at her phone rapidly, typing quietly while stammering, "I-I-I'd like to help, of course, I would, but I don't have the Book of the Damned with me. I lost it."

Lucifer tuts loudly, turning to her. "You know damned well where you put it. Did you see what I did there? 'Damned.'" He grins at his own joke proudly. "Besides, you don't need the book. Clever girl like you must have it all up here by now." He points at his head, then Rowena's.

Rowena sneaks the phone back into the handbag, taking a step back from Lucifer. "And if I refuse?"

Lucifer smiles wide and sweet, "Then I snap your neck, again. Only this time, I'll rip your head clean off afterwards and burn your bones to ashes. How does that sound? We clear?"

Rowena curls her lips unhappily. "Yes, my Lord," she says obligingly, rummaging her handbag again to pull out a handful of herbs. "Shall we begin?"

<br>

So that is the scene they run into -- Rowena dipping her finger in some mixture of herbal water, painting on the bare chest of a man that is, to be honest, not that bad looking. The man was a decent rock star with a little fame back in the day anyway -- he got the build and the look to make the crowd crazy.

Crowley stands in the doorway, clearing his throat deliberately. "Is this a bad time, Mother? Shall I come back later?"

Rowena takes a loud exhale and immediately steps back. "About bloody time!"

She chants a short prose of Latin with lips flickering rapidly, ending with a fierce "FES... TI... NA!" Her eyes turn purple, while the pattern on Lucifer's chest burns into the skin like a branding.

Lucifer yells with surprise. Larger patches of skin fall from his body, decaying like an old tree's bark. He gasps in fury, "Red, what did you do?!"

Rowena pants heavily as she still holds out her hands toward Lucifer, "Sped up the decaying process, My Lord. You thought Keith Richards was bad? Try Iggy Pop!"

Lucifer growls, swooping toward her, "Decapitation is far too merciful for you, Ginger Bitch!"

Rowena raises her hands high in the sky, chanting even faster than before. Lucifer's steps stagger, falling to his knees to the floor.

"Mother, wait! There might be a small change in the plan," Crowley says by the door.

Rowena turns to him, with purple magic lights still bright in her pupils. Power of magic flies around her like a visible electric field. "Is that why you're taking so long, Fergus? Fraternizing with the Winchesters? Are you trying to turn against me, again?"

Lucifer starts laughing and pulling himself up from the ground, forcing Rowena to shift her attention back to him. The Devil's legs are still shaky, but his eyes glint with a humorless laugh. "I see you brought quite some familiar faces. What's this, a friend reunion again? So soon? And all for me? I'm flattered."

He raises a palm suddenly and blows the door frame off. "You know I can feel you from a hundred yards away, Castiel. You think you guys can surprise me? Why don't you come out and play?" His pupils turn devilish red, staring in the door's direction as if they can literally burn with flames.

Dean and Sam rush in, but heading to the poor civilians that are caught in the middle of a war zone -- the drummer and those other ones from the Ladyheart band -- right now hiding behind the sofa and in the wall corner, not having the faintest clue what's happening. They manage to get them out while the Devil's attention isn't on them.

Castiel steps toward Lucifer with his angel blade in hand. "We're not here to kill you," he tells the Devil, in a low and sincere voice.

"That's a pity," Lucifer laughs, "'Cause I am."

He waves a hand. Rowena is the first to get thrown out and crash through the opposite wall, landing right on the stage under the spotlight.

The crowd bursts into cheers and shouts. The sound of yelling and whistling is so loud that Dean and Sam feel their ears are going to bleed just from the volume of it.

Lucifer steps over the broken wall right after Rowena. The screaming is overwhelming, so high-pitched and loud that they finally realize why this has to be held in the middle of a desert.

Lucifer doesn't even give the fans much attention, just walks toward where Rowena lands. The witch stumbles to her feet, glancing at the cheering fans and the spotlight that makes every inch of Vince Vincente's broken skin and showing skeletons more devilish.

Rowena casts a fleeting glance at the cheering fans, "You guys would cheer for *that*?! He's not even a human! Surely everyone with a clear mind could see that!" She takes rapid steps backward, but her high heels are not helping.

Lucifer grins wider, "You know what I find out is the best thing about this vessel? They cheer for *everything*! You can't possibly do anything wrong. It doesn't even matter what you do or look like. They make you the ultimate King of the universe."

He turns his attention briefly to the stage, waving a hand to the crowd. The screaming and cheering get even louder than before. He shifts his hand to a side, then another. Wherever he turns his attention, the crowd in that direction gets frantic.

Lucifer turns back to Rowena, who is now near the edge of the stage. He smiles gleefully, "They'll even cheer when I tear you apart right here. You believe that?"

"Bollocks!" Rowena curses loudly.

Crowley charges out from the green room, blinded by the spotlight for a short second, ignoring the new wave of cheering from the crowd. He tightens his jaw, raising his hand with an angel blade of his own, only to get thrown across the stage like a fly blown away by a bat.

Lucifer barely moves a muscle as he raises his palm. And the cheering never stops.

"You see that? You all see that?" Lucifer asks the crowd with a self-satisfied smile. And the answering screaming and applause go feverish.

"We gotta get those people outta there." Dean glares at the stage through the broken wall. "What do we get? Fire alarm? Fake -- real gun shots? How on earth are we gonna take a million people outta here?"

"We're not." Sam shakes his head. "Just look at them. That's fetish. As long as they have their 'rock star' up there, those people aren't going anywhere, no matter what. Not even explosion, or fire, or blood, not even real murder on the stage -- they might just think it's a stage effect. The only way is to take Lucifer down before he hits any audience."

"That's nuts." Dean murmurs, glaring at the frantic crowd. But yes, he can tell Sam is right.

Castiel leaps forward right then, before Dean can stop him, stabbing his angel blade into the man's bare back when Lucifer's attention was still on Crowley. Lucifer lets out an outrageous yell, grabbing Castiel by his neck, forcing him to kneel on the floor, choking him while bashing him with ruthless punches. With every punch, there is a wave of cheering and clapping.

"What's your plan again, exactly?" the Devil says, the red light in his eyes dimming, but his fists do not slow down or lessen the force. Cas's head is forced into an unnatural posture, lifting helplessly crooked up. His face is nothing but broken flesh and blood. Blue-white grace light starts showing in his open mouth and eyes, and the Devil's grasp is still tightening. "Thank you for not killing me, by the way." His voice is even turning into something gentle and sweet now. "Not that you can. But you know what? I have killed you before, Castiel, like squashing an insect. I'll just have to do it again, properly this time. Dad is not here for you this round."

"NO --!!" Dean yells, dashing out onto the stage, throwing himself at Lucifer, without even a gun or blade in his hand.

Lucifer is surprised for a second, to say the least. Perhaps by his idiocy in the moment of heroism. Or perhaps just a moment of distraction.

In any case, that precious little second is all they ever really need.

Dean grabs the Devil's fist that hovers in the air, Castiel grasps the other that's still choking him, and the angel cuff clicks into place.

Lucifer struggles, but all the remnants of red lights in his eyes fade completely. The cuff clings with his moves but doesn't give way. "You gotta be kidding me." He stares at the two before him unbelievably, giving Cas another frustrated kick.

Dean gives the Devil a punch on the head, which finally knocks him out, shutting him up.

As the body of Vince Vincente hits the floor, the cheering of the crowd, for once, dies down. They stare at the remaining stand figures on the stage in utter startling silence, mostly have their mouths gaping open and their phones high above their heads to capture the moment.

"Say something," Sam urges under his breath.

Dean turns to where the light is the brightest. The spotlight shines right into his eyes, blinding his vision before he realizes he has to face the million crazy rock fan audience, who were just moments ago witnessing their fight and cheering when the Devil was beating up Cas. Unfair rage bubbles inside him, and just for a brief moment, he considers telling those people the cruel truth, that their fetish rock star is dead before their eyes -- which, honestly, is the real truth, whether they like it or not; there is no way that meatsuit could have survived. But he isn't a cruel person after all -- he meets Cas's eyes.

"What are you going to tell them?" Cas asks quietly, wiping away the dripping blood from the corner of his lips.

Dean clears his throat, fumbling in his back pocket to grab his fake badge. He flashes the badge at the crowd, talking into the closest stage mic: "Undercover agents on mission. This man is not real Vince Vincente -- he can't even sing. We're taking him in for investigation. And uh --" He glances toward the backstage, getting a new idea, "I gave you -- the rest of Ladyheart! Enjoy the night, Los Angeles!"

He's pretty sure the cheering from the audience is for him this time, but he doesn't have enough brainpower to care. Tommy and the rest of the band come onto the stage on cue with pale faces; he can't stop noticing them glancing nervously at Vince's unconscious body. Dean gives them a quick nod, before helping Sam, a slowly crawling-up Rowena, and Crowley to haul the Devil's trapped meatsuit away from the stage, into their comfortable dark backstage.

Dean leaves the Devil to the rest of them, hurriedly turning to Cas.

The angel takes more effort than usual to pull himself up slowly and follow them off the stage. The blood stain is still dying his lips more scarlet red than usual, his face looking utterly pale. Dean lends him a hand.

He examines his wounded face carefully. Both Cas's eyes are swollen, black and blue all around, barely stay open. The split lips and gashes on the cheeks look terrible. The choking marks on his neck are the worst.

Dean swallows. "How bad is it? Can you heal?"

Cas blinks slowly. Thin grace lights up feebly in his eyes. Dean thinks the swelling goes down a little bit, but it can also just be his wishful thinking. Not even the bleeding has been stopped.

Dean watches him intently. "It's okay if you can't," he says gently, "we can always heal the slow way, you know. What we all say, 'Time is the best medicine.'"

Castiel just frowns deeper, closing his eyes, focusing. The bleeding on his cheek and lips stops, but only barely. The scabs form where the wounds are, as if he's trying to accelerate the healing process but still can't get it quite there. The circles around his eyes still look quite nasty.

*Exactly how bad was that extraction?* Dean can't help wondering, but he has to push it down. Otherwise he'd keep wondering just how bad *he* had hurt Cas, and that would lead to endless sleepless nights.

"Alright, don't tire yourself out." Dean pats him carefully on the shoulder around the farthest edge, hoping that wouldn't cause Cas any extra pain. He forces his voice to sound cheerful. "Let's get home and patch you up the human way. I'm sure you'll be back to full strength just in a beat."

Cas only gives him an apologetic, upset look.

Dean helps him up and moves to the car.

Sam and Crowley already finished squeezing an unconscious Vince-slash-Lucifer into the backseat.

"Why isn't he in the trunk?" Dean growls. Now he can't decide if he wants Cas in the front seat or back.

He leads Cas to the passenger side.

"What if he wakes up before we get there?" Sam asks reasonably.

"So? I don't give a rat's ass about how comfortable he is." Dean raises an eyebrow.

Sam sighs. "We still need his help. And he needs to be *willing* to help. The least we can do is not to piss him off more than he already is."

Cas chimes in just in time, not very helpfully, "That would be a very difficult thing to do." He meets the brothers' eyes, then adds, "Considering how angry he already was, and he would very much like to kill all of us as soon as he could."

"I'm with Feathers this time," Crowley comments flatly with a nod.

Dean forces a fake smile. "Good to know. Now, can we go?"

Sam moves toward the backseat door, while Crowley and Rowena are just about to walk away. Dean points at their backs: "Not so soon."

Crowley grumbles with clear grudge and exhaustion, "What?! Thought you got your reward already. I didn't even argue for a share. I just got my ass kicked about, still can't get a day off?"

Dean takes a breath to make the smile on his face look slightly more genuine. Then tells them, as politely as he can manage, "We might still need some more of your help."

Crowley snaps grumpily, "What am I, 911?"

Dean looks at Rowena, trying his best smile given the circumstances. Rowena rolls her eyes, limping with her high heels in her hand, and says tiredly, "What he said."

Sam helps out, "Once we're done with him, he's all yours. Revenge or anything, whatever you want."

Dean eyes him from the side, "We are?"

Rowena's lips curl up a thin degree. "Now we are talking."

Crowley's face also brightens a shade. "Look at you, Moose, you have the potential of being the next best salesman, you know that? I'll keep the position open for you."

"So we good? You coming to bunker together?" Dean raises his voice to catch their attention.

Crowley considers, then, "Not really in the mood for a slumber party right now, but call me. You know my number." Not waiting for Dean's answer, he turns to Rowena, holding out a hand in an inviting gesture, "Mother, shall we?"

The two of them disappear in a black-purple smoke.

Dean blinks at the empty space.

Sam says, "Guess that's as good as we can ask for."

Dean decides he's right, shrugs once, and climbs into the car.

Cas already falls asleep on the passenger seat.

Dean reaches over to help buckle the seat belt around him, decidedly ignoring Sam's raised eyebrows, then turns the ignition quietly and heads home.
