---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death（Chap.7）You're Up, Dr. Phil（3）
date: 2025-10-26 00:54
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Dean Winchester", "Castiel", "Charlie Bradbury", "Bobby Singer", "Ellen Harvelle", "Jo Harvelle", "Ash", "Lucifer"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 DCBB
long_novels: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death
---

Dean thinks he can hear the bunker door shaking just from his room. All their ghost hunter friends have spread out to their assigned positions, getting prepared. He really should join them, considering he's the only one around who's able to shoot a rock-salt gun.

He doesn't want to leave his room.

Cas hasn't woken up. Hasn't even moved or stirred, or twitched his finger to the slightest.

Dean studies his face, hating the wild thoughts in his mind that are getting stuck in the last time he sees those blue eyes staring back at him.

"They're in position," Jo reports quietly, standing in the hallway outside the door, facing away from him. "We're just waiting for them to get through now."

"I should go help them," Dean says hoarsely, squeezing Cas's hands one more time and tucking them under the cover. "It should be close enough as long as I'm in the bunker."

"I'll keep watching," Jo says quickly. "I'll let you know if he wakes up or has any change immediately."

Dean manages to pull a bleak smile. "Thank you." He means it.

"Don't mention it." Jo smiles back faintly. "Just, be careful."

Dean charges into the war room.

Ellen and Caleb station at the bottom of the staircase near the entrance, with water guns in their hands. Pastor Jim stands near buckets of water, murmuring his blessing.

Charlie and Ash position behind the control station, each responsible for one half of the station, having a quiet debate. Charlie points at a knob in the middle, arguing, "No, it should be that one!" She focuses on it, and the knob turns on its own without her touching. Ash rolls his eyes, saying, "That's just the voltage! You'll overload the grid if you don't increase the upper tolerance, too." He points at a slider. The button moves slowly upward, and all the bunker lights get brighter. All the ghosts look more translucent under the brighter light, but no one flickers.

Dean lets out a ragged breath. Everything looks freaky in every sense of ways, but somehow, just perfect.

It's not the first time he has to experience "the last night on Earth" type of pre-war quiet moment. He went through enough to know how sentimental or desperate it could get, but this is not one of them. None of them seems to even spare a thought of what will happen to them next; they're just there, ready and preparing. Focused and hopeful. Having each other's back.

Dean thinks he's never felt more a part of something, than in this moment.

*It's not just your war.*

*Don't ever think you're saving the world alone.*

*We got you.*

Dean exhales a long, stressed breath.

Ellen glances at him. "We got this."

Dean grabs the angel blade -- the one Cas gave him earlier -- and stands beside her, closest to the door. "I know," he says shortly. It's not like he has to spell out "I'm not the kind of person who'd let everyone die for me while I hide at the home front."

A quick smile flashes across Ellen's face. "Always have to play a hero, haven't you?"

"Just doing my job," Dean answers honestly.

The front door shakes violently once, twice. And a loud explosion bursts it open at the third time. The heat of fire and debris of the explosion blast into the bunker. Dean is pushed flying back in the air, hitting his back on one of the pillars. He can feel his bones cracking and the back of his head aching.

A handful of demons in meatsuits file into the place through the unprotected entrance, accompanied by more thick black smoke. Ellen and the hunters start shooting holy water through their water guns. The vessels stagger on the stairs, hissing and cursing as holy water pours onto them, burning and disintegrating. But more of them step over their predecessors' fallen bodies and rush toward them. Every single one of them blinks black eyes.

"Freaking demons!" Dean yells. Still having throbbing pain in the head from the collision, but he manages to jump up and swing his angel blade at the closest demon.

The one facing him is a young athletic man, looking about early-twenties. He looks vaguely familiar -- might be someone he ran into before when running a grocery run in Lebanon. It's a small town. Dean is distracted for a brief second about what the town must have become with all the demons raiding through.

The man grins with white teeth, "Well, well, isn't that Dean Winchester?" He speaks in a long and lazy voice. The tone is almost recognizable. More demons gather closer to him just from his calling.

But Dean doesn't really have time to register that tone, just lunging for a second staggering sway. His vision swims from the ache in the head. The demon jumps aside, dodging it easily. "It's going to be so much joy to kill you, for killing my whole family," he grits his teeth maliciously.

"Monroe Styne?" Dean scraps his memory, while swinging and stabbing again.

The demon jumps on top of the war room table, getting out of his reach. He laughs heinously. "In the flesh," he opens his arms to show his body proudly. "The air on the topside is so fresh, did you notice that? We're going to extend our stay. And to do that, my brothers and sisters, we're going to pledge our liege to a new King. A better King of Hell. Our Dark Prince that should be King since the Beginning of Time."

Sudden realization dawns on Dean. "You're here for Lucifer."

Monroe laughs, turning his attention back to Dean. "And for you, too. Can you imagine how joyful I was when we found out we could achieve two things in one single place? We're going to tear you apart, Dean Winchester, and when Lucifer goes free, we are going to make this our palace."

"No, you won't." Ellen bites harshly, shooting holy water at Monroe's head.

The demon hisses painfully, staggering from the table, dropping to the floor in a loud thump. Smoke steams from the skull of his body.

Dean catches the break, jumping on top of him and raising the blade high, ready to stab into his heart, when Ellen shouts, "Dean! Stop! There's a human in there!"

Dean freezes in that posture, glaring at Monroe Styne's ugly black eyes -- that's all he can see. "We don't know that!" he yells back, fingers itching to bury that blade deep and thoroughly to wipe that smile off the demon's face. The throbbing sick feeling gets worse.

"Oh yes, he is," Monroe answers smugly. "What are you going to do, Dean? Killing a kid? Being a killer like last time? Like you always are?"

Dean grits his teeth, still staring at Monroe but talking to Ellen. "We don't have the luxury for this!" The hand with the blade is shaking for holding it with too much force. He lowers it a few inches. "If we send him down, he'll just pop right back! He has to be killed permanently!"

"We get him to the dungeon," Ellen says calmly. "The bastard wants to meet the Devil, then we just introduce them to meet."

It takes Dean a second to understand what she means. "You are a genius." The furrow between his eyebrows unfolds slightly.

"We have some more tricks up our sleeves," Ellen answers nonchalantly. "Whenever you're ready, move your ass."

Dean manages to haul himself up, all the while making sure he has Monroe's arms twisted and grabbed in his control. He's glad at least the young man the demon possessed is slim and shorter than him. He tries to ignore the hammering ache in his back and behind his eyes. "Alright, I'm taking him downstairs."

"I'll go with you," Ellen says quickly. "You don't look so hot, kid."

"Just a few broken bones, no big deal." Dean tries to make his voice sound light. "Go to Cas. Draw demon traps outside my room if you can. I should have done that, can't believe I forgot. They might've already found him. I shouldn't leave only Jo with him."

"Dean," Ellen tries to start.

"Please," Dean says sharply, managing to blink out the tears gathering from the pain, looking at Ellen pleadingly.

"You *really* care about the angel, don't you?" Ellen says, tone suddenly soft.

"Yes, I do," he answers without hesitation.

"Good." Ellen smiles a little, stops arguing, and starts moving toward the hallway leading to their rooms.

Ash yells from the control station, "Ellen, is it about time for the holy mist?"

"We have holy mist?" Dean is properly surprised. Which, he realizes, he really shouldn't be. He knows they're amazing, but he just kinda forgot after so long.

"Do it!" Ellen commands.

Charlie cheers, bolting to action. "Nice! Was waiting for that!"

A short electrical buzzing sound comes out from the control station. Some of the pointers on the panel swing violently for a second, then all the bunker lights go out.

Monroe barks out a mocking laughter. "Asking a bunch of ghosts to defend demons? That's your brilliant idea, Dean? How did you live for so long?"

"Wait and see!" Charlie says, sounding slightly offended.

That's when the emergency light comes back on, flashing dazzling red. Fire alarm goes off at the same time, and Dean can hear the emergency extinguishing system and fans start functioning all over the bunker. Thin mist starts spraying from the ceiling, and soon turns into a downpour.

He realizes then, the fire alarm is the not real fire alarm, but an enhanced recording of exorcism spells. He wonders for a second if it's the original Man of Letters' doing or if Ash and Charlie pull everything together in such a short time. *They really are a whole team of geniuses.* Dean can't help thinking. *So this is how it feels to have so many people looking out for your back. This is how it feels not to have to fight alone.*

Monroe yells in pain when the mist sprays onto his face. Steams evaporate from his head.

Ash announces proudly, covering the shrieking demon yell of pains that suddenly grow hundreds of times louder, "Took me a while to pick up the ventilation system from the fifties, but damn, this is a delicate system. Just some tiny changes to the analogue and digital signals, you get yourself a holy bunker!"

Painful yelling and screaming mixed with the sound of holy spray falling to the floor and the exorcism chants, echo from every corridor of the bunker, making the best orchestra of the day.

"By 'a while', he means twenty minutes, with us working together," Charlie amends, beaming.

"And the best part? I get to make a full shepherd's path for them." Ash yells, tilting his head at the few clouds of black smoke that're still lingering and squirming, trying to find the least painful area to dodge, like headless flies before a clean window. "Spoiler alert, the way to the dungeon is a free path."

As if hearing his words, those demons move toward the corridor and stairs leading to the dungeon.

Monroe Styne is no exception, after his black smoke also gets pulled out of the body from the exorcism. The young man's body lies limp on the floor, but he's still breathing.

"Awesome." Dean blinks, watching everything completely in awe.

"But you might still want to check up on the Devil." Ellen reminds him. "You told us not to go near there. Makes you the only one who can."

Dean sprints to the stairs leading to the dungeon.

<br>

The dungeon door is already blasted open before he reaches it. The hidden gate that was disguised by a bookshelf is now a big messy hole with rupturing wooden and metal edges poking out dangerously, like the mouth of a monster, exactly like the kind of "Hell's Gate" old comics from seventy years ago used to draw.

Holy mist is thin down here. Black smoke is still being led down here without knowing what's waiting for them at the journey's end. They fly through the opening to the dungeon and disappear for good.

Dean hurries to it, but before he bursts all the way in, a cold sensation on his arm pulls him backward, stopping his steps. He halts abruptly, finding the misty shape of Bobby standing beside the wall, hinting to him to come over.

"Bobby," Dean breathes out, ducking to the side where Lucifer can't see them. "What are you doing here?"

"What do you think? Watch the prisoner having the best feast in the world," Bobby scowls quietly. "He's like having the Michelin in there, damnit, even I'm feeling hungry now."

Dean huffs a silent laugh. "That's the point."

Bobby straightens his face, concerned. "But, I don't know, maybe we should do something to stop him from getting too strong? You got a plan B to have him in control?"

"That's usually Sam's job," Dean admits. "If it doesn't work, we'll just... reason with him. Hope he'd listen."

Bobby stares at him. "We're so doomed."

"Yeah," Dean breaks into a humorless smile. "Story of our lives, right?"

"Dean, I can't see you, but I know you're there." Lucifer makes a contented purring sound as he speaks. "Did you do all these for me, Dean? That's very nice of you."

Dean meets Bobby's gaze with a small start.

Bobby urges a quiet warning, "Don't let him get into your head!"

Dean nods and steps into the dungeon.

Inside, Lucifer is stretching comfortably, arms rising high above his head, yawning lazily as black smoke is still continuously flying in. He opens his mouth, drinking them in almost in an elegant posture, then letting out sighs of content. He stretches like a retired old man ready to have some morning exercise in the park, twisting and turning his joints on the shoulders and knees. With each gulp, his movements get more active and smooth.

The angel cuff is still locked on Lucifer's wrist, but the sigils on its side are burning now. Dean can see the orange light shivering in the carved lines. He throws a lighter at the holy oil circle they have drawn around the Devil, letting the circle of holy fire burn, just to be safe. He wishes quietly that Sam could come back quickly.

"How's the food?" Dean asks nonchalantly. "Tasty? Five stars?"

Lucifer shrugs. "A bit too bitter, but it will do." He lights up his bloody red eyes as if just trying it out, then dims them back down. "Just need a little bit more."

"All yours, every demon in the bunker, devour in." Dean gestures vaguely at the outside.

Lucifer narrows his eyes. "I know what you're doing, Dean. Taking me for a pest control, really?"

Dean shrugs. "You get a free meal, I get a clean house. Call it mutual benefit."

Lucifer hums carelessly. "What if I want a bigger free meal? It's very tempting that you have all those ghosting friends wandering around, you know?"

"Out of the question, you hear me?" Dean snaps. "You touch them, we burn your wings extra crispy, throw you back to the Cage, the whole set."

Lucifer holds up two hands casually. "What if I say I take one of them, say, your least favorite one, that old drunken hunter always sitting in the corner, what's his name? Yeah, right, you don't even know. What about I take him, and I heal your beloved angel? That's a good enough deal, isn't it?"

Dean bites his tongue, silently hating himself.

Of course he can't say yes, but he can't say no, either.

Lucifer studies his face, starts laughing. "Actually, you know what, that deal is too good to be true, what about I take two of those nameless old drunks, and you get your Castiel back? You see where I'm getting at?"

Dean can't trust his voice right now, so he just glares at the Devil.

"Dad did the same thing in Sodom, fifty righteous men blabla, then forty-five, dropping all the way to ten, and you know what that taught us?" Lucifer says joyfully. "Everything has a price. Just depends on how much you are willing to pay. That makes everything negotiable."

The Devil looks at him right in the eyes, smiling sweetly. "So, Dean, how much are you willing to pay for your beloved angel, exactly? A shilling? A pound? Pay with your own life is too easy because you don't think it's worth anything; what about those other humans? What about your proxy Dad or your dear Daddy and Mommy? Or your brother? Or, let's face it, none of the above, nothing at all? Maybe, the reason why you find it so difficult to face him, is because you know, you'd risk him for everything, but you're not really risking anything for him. Aren't you the most hypocritical man in the world, Dean?"

Dean swallows violently, eyes stinging. "Shut up! You shut up!" he shouts uncontrollably.

The holy fire burns the air hot and breathless.

Dean can't breathe.

He bolts out of the door, heading directly back to his room. Lucifer's laughter haunts him all the way up.

He doesn't run into any demons on his way.

Outside his room, it almost looks like a military patrol routine right there. Two hunters patrol the left and right of the hallway. Jo stands straight, facing outside. And when he comes in, he meets Ellen at the foot of the bed.

"How's he?" Dean finds his knees weaken the minute he reaches the bedside. He allows them to give way and kneels down by the bedside.

"Getting better, I think," Ellen answers, quietly moving farther. "Breathing and everything, but you probably know the angel ER better than me."

Dean studies Cas's face carefully. He does look better, like Ellen said. His breathing is stronger, to the extent that Dean doesn't have to test below his nose to know he is breathing. His chest heaves and falls quietly like waves on a calm sea.

His eyes are still stinging.

*Everything has a price.* He thinks bitterly. *How can this world ask me to put a price on you?*

"How are things with demons?" Ellen prompts.

"Clean," Dean answers without looking up. "Lucifer ate them all up."

"That good or bad?" Jo asks.

Dean shrugs. "We want him stronger, and now he's stronger."

"Let's just hope he can use that power for some good," Ellen says, voice uncertain.

"Hope?" Jo's voice tightens. "That's it? We'll just have to *pray* that the Devil saves us?"

"Something like that," Ellen says drily.

"We're so screwed," Jo sighs.

"Yeah, Bobby said the same," Dean says tiredly. He feels his head so tired that even the end of the world doesn't feel like too big a deal now. He just wants to reach under the cover to hold Cas's hand, and waits for the angel to wake up. So he does exactly that.

Cas's hand feels warmer than earlier, but the black spots are still spreading, inching from the fingers to the palm.

Dean just grasps his hand, leaning his forehead on the bed, settled in the exact posture as if he's praying.

Ellen watches him quietly.

"You should get some rest," she says after a while, moving slowly toward the door. "We'll be right outside if you need us."

Dean nods in silence, then, with great effort, he manages to say with a hoarse voice, "Thank you, Ellen. And everyone."

"Any time," she answers easily.

The door is closed with a click.

He can still hear Jo and Ellen's voices briefly as they stand outside his room.

"We should let him know the bunker needs some more work," Jo says in a whisper. "Fixing the front door and sigils, for one. There might still be more demons coming up."

"We can handle that," Ellen answers. "He's where he's most needed. Don't bother him now. Good thing ghosts don't need to sleep."

They might move farther away from his door or lower their voices even more. The whispers turn to unintelligible, then blend into the white noise of the bunker.

The room falls quiet.

The only sound Dean can hear is just Cas's breathing.

He rests his head on the bed and closes his eyes.

The world darkens around him.
