---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death（Chap.8）On the Crossroad（2）
date: 2025-10-26 17:06
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Dean Winchester", "Castiel", "Sam Winchester", "Michael", "Lucifer", "Charlie Bradbury", "Bobby Singer", "Ellen Harvelle", "Jo Harvelle", "Ash", "John Winchester", "Mary Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 DCBB
long_novels: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death
---

"What bloody hell are you idjits doing?!" Bobby's ghost flashes into shape next to the war room's door, where Cas stands, as Michael and Lucifer flood into Dean and Sam's mouths. The combination of the archangel light is so bright that the ghost is turning almost completely transparent, near invisible.

The unstable surges of electricity are affecting him, too. His figure tunes in and out, and finally stabilizes enough to stay and talk for a few complete sentences. That might explain why others take longer to refocus and reshape.

Bobby looks furious. "I got distracted for three minutes, and you guys just jumped off the cliffs now?! Stop this! Stop it right now! Cas, tell them to stop!"

Cas shakes his head miserably. "I tried. They don't listen. They're doing it for me, for all of us. If they can take back control, they can fix everything."

"That's a huge 'if' right there," Bobby growls. "Last time I heard they used the car to wake Sam up, what do we have now?"

"This time, they have us." Mary appears. So does John, standing next to her.

"And us." Ghosts of all their friends come up one by one. Ellen, Jo, Ash, Charlie, and all the other hunters who have been fighting this war together. One by one, they flash into focus. Their shapes are still unstable, the room is still too full of energy, but they are here nonetheless.

"Let's remind our boys they're not alone," Mary says, moving toward Sam and Dean. Others follow her. "They never were."

"That they have a family," John nods and does the same.

"And so many friends," Ash says.

"And we all love them," Charlie says.

"That's something Michael and Lucifer would never understand." Cas blinks as everyone takes action. He moves, too. Stepping closer to Michael, who's glancing out through Dean's eyes now. Cas meets those eyes, the eyes he has stared into a million times, looking for the familiar warmth he used to see in those amber green eyes. He stares into the pupils, into the soul, and he thinks, he can just see Dean right there deep down, and reach him like that.

"Can you believe that?" Lucifer speaks through Sam's mouth, laughing in a way Sam never would, "That's how those petty human beings are planning on taking us down. Us? Please. Let me see where I start to have fun with."

He makes a wide gesture, pointing at Mary at random. "What about you? Let's see, it will hurt Sammy so much to see his own hand killing his mommy dear." Lucifer raises a hand, fingers pinching together, ready for a snap.

Mary looks into his eyes, saying gently, with a calm smile. "Sammy, I believe you. Fight it, fight him! I know you can do this. Not for me, but for yourself. I love you."

The muscle on Lucifer's face twitches. His eyes switch between Sam's focused look and Lucifer's hysterical one. His fingers slowly unfold themselves, away from the snapping gesture.

Mary smiles wider. John stands next to her, telling his sons, "I know you're strong. I know you can hear us. Sam, Dean, my boys, you're doing great. Just fight harder."

Lucifer glares at his fingers that are not listening to his command. "Oh, come on! You gotta be kidding me."

Michael sneers at him. "Losing your battle so soon?"

Lucifer glances at him in frustration, "Sam is always the difficult one. He just loves playing it tough. I just need a minute to remind him who's in charge of the ride now."

Michael gestures at his body. "'Sam is the difficult one?' You want to switch? This one hasn't stopped wrestling inside. But guess what, I keep him down just fine."

"Dean, if you can hear us," Charlie speaks, edging closer to Michael, raising her voice, "remember you're not fighting alone. We are all here with you, for you, like a whole big PvP game; you're not fighting Michael one-on-one. He doesn't realize that, that's why he'll lose!"

Michael turns to her, making a Darth Vader choking gesture. "You talk too much, girl." He says with a low voice. "That's why we like it quiet, the way it used to be, before the creation."

Charlie chokes in the invisible grip on her neck. The transparent figure flickers worse. "Dean --" she begs, but no more words come out. Her shape slowly loses focus.

The grip loosens, then, as suddenly as it begins. Charlie coughs and struggles with, "I'm okay, I'm okay," when Jo gives her a hand.

Lucifer glances at Michael, who's frowning at his disobedient right hand, smirking, "Having guest issue, too?"

Michael glares back, "I can handle him."

<br>

Dean finds himself locked in a cage. Dark and confined. The space is barely enough to take two steps in any direction, and the ceiling is even lower than his height. He can't stand; he can't see; he can't hear.

The blackness and quietness are worse than monsters.

"Help!" he tries, but his throat is too tight to speak. There doesn't seem to be enough air -- in fact, there doesn't seem to be any air at all. He isn't sure if he's breathing anymore, or just following the habit.

"Cas!" he tries again, touching the edge of the cage. But he can't tell if it's a rough or smooth surface. It's just a cage, a cage worse than any cage. The Cage.

He realizes, this must be Michael's memory, for the thousand years they locked them there.

He tries pounding, kicking, climbing those edges, but nothing gives way.

Dean sits down on the ground, burying his head between his knees, feeling exhausted and defeated. There's no way he can get out of this Cage if Michael couldn't get out for a thousand years. He has no idea how to take back control or win this war.

And then, voices start coming in. They start small, vague, distant, only sounding like people whispering and murmuring, but unintelligible, but then it sounds as if they're closer, reachable.

Dean presses his ear on the edge of the Cage, listening. He makes out Charlie's voice, then his parents, then Bobby, Jo, Ellen, and so many more.

"We're here for you," they're saying.

"You have your family and friends with you," they say.

*You are loved.*

*You're not alone.*

The Cage starts showing cracks of light. The more voices come through, the wider the cracks are, the brighter the light. He manages to push through one of the cracks, and that's right on time to save Charlie.

Michael kicks him into another Cage again, even smaller, tighter, more difficult to breathe.

He crawls out again.

*They're waiting for us.* Dean thinks, remembering the faces of everyone in his life. Not just the ones in the bunker, but more.

*Cas is waiting for me.* He holds on to the thought.

*Come back to me, please.* Cas said. And he's not going to let him down.

He will take back control from Michael, and he will cure the angels of their disease. He will cure Cas. He has to.

Dean breaks the constraints Michael set up for him again.

Michael struggles hard, but this time, Dean is the one locking him into the Mind Cage.

Dean opens his eyes, seeing the worrying faces around them, seeing Cas standing among them. He smiles, giving them a grin, "Miss me?"

<br>

Lucifer doesn't make it any easier than last time. Seven years only made him more imaginative, and the inside of his mind is like nine levels of Dante's Hell and worse. Sam dodges the manifested demons like soldiers dodging bullets on the battlefield.

But he has a handle on it this time.

It's still *his* mind, after all.

Sam hides between his memories, waiting for opportunities to get back in control.

Lucifer has most of his attention on the outside world, distracted by their surroundings. It gives him enough chances.

The outside world is like a thin wall away, and he's just in the underground of a huge mansion.

Sam can hear them talking, Mom and Dad's voices are the clearest ones; others' follow right after.

He spends a second to wonder if Dean's doing okay, if his brother can win this battle on his own; that if one of them loses, they all lose.

Mary's voice pulls him back to attention, "I know you're strong, Sam."

And John's "I'm so proud of you, son."

Sam climbs out of the mind hole and kicks Lucifer down. He turns, and finds Dean looking at him with a small grin. "Heya, Sammy."

<br>

"What now?" Bobby asks. "You boys have the archangel juice now?"

Dean asks Cas, "How do I... you know, check my wings and those mojo?"

"You should be able to feel it." Cas tilts his head slightly, considering. "Imagine they're part of your body. Spreading your wings should be as natural as stretching your arms."

Dean focuses on his back, and stretches out his arms, imagining the body part that he never had. Lightning shines from his body, lighting up the wall behind him. A large pair of wings spread out behind him.

"Awesome," Dean grins, turning to Sam. "You want to try it?"

Sam shakes his head. "I'd rather not see Lucifer's body parts. We should go to heal the heaven now, that 'Give up our light to counteract the darkness part'."

"Right," Dean's smile dims, glancing around the crowd, meeting Cas's eyes. He swallows. "Think we'll do it up there, you know, closer to the disease ground zero, probably could work better. If it works, I'll meet all of you upstairs."

No one asks what will happen or what to do if it doesn't work. They don't have a plan B.

They wish them good luck.

Cas stays in the corner of the room, behind all the ghost friends. Utterly quiet.

"Hey," Dean finds him there, one hand casually touching his chin, making him look up. "Cheer up, it will work."

"I know," Cas makes an effort to pull up a tight tilted smile. "I just... hate to see you on a suicide mission again."

Dean lowers his hand, but doesn't shift his gaze. "Worst case scenario, we finish the task, save Heaven and everyone, get stuck up there; you get your healthy angel mojo back, come up there to find me. We still get to hang out and everything. What's the difference?"

"Life in Heaven isn't the same as life on Earth." Cas points out the obvious, miserable.

"The second best thing we get to have, I'm pretty okay with that," Dean brushes his shoulder, fingers itching to touch his cheek, but stays put. "I still get to see you, right?"

"Yes," Cas nods.

"Then it's not goodbye." Dean pulls him over to have a hug, talking over the angel's shoulder. "I'll see you just in a bit."

"Yes," Cas answers, holding him tight, burying his face on Dean's shoulder. Their temples brush against each other.

They don't pull apart until Sam clears his throat behind them.

Dean turns to realize the others are trying very hard not to act as if they're looking at them. He blushes a little.

Patting Cas's shoulder one last time, he turns to Sam, "Let's go."

The two Winchester brothers spread their wings, flap once, and disappear into the thin air.

Castiel's eyes look up, staring through the ceiling, into the sky.
