---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death（Chap.7）You're Up, Dr. Phil（2）
date: 2025-08-11 23:48
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Dean Winchester", "Castiel", "Sam Winchester", "Charlie Bradbury", "Bobby Singer", "Ellen Harvelle", "Jo Harvelle", "Ash", "John Winchester", "Mary Winchester", "Michael", "Fergus MacLeod/Crowley", "Rowena MacLeod"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 DCBB
long_novels: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death
---

"What do you mean, kid?" Bobby asks incredulously. "*We*? We are a bunch of ghosts, and many of you can't even touch a thing! What are you gonna do to fight against demons and a pissed-off archangel?"

The ghosts of old hunters and Roadhouse frequenters are all staring at Charlie now. She glances at them nervously. "Just a thought, if it's body we need, I think there's a cemetery not far from here..."

"You want to be a haunted skeleton?" Bobby frowns. "Scratch that, a freaking zombie?"

Ash says, "That doesn't sound very cool."

Jo adds, "Except we might not be the only ones thinking about that. Out there, the ghost apocalypse might have already turned into a zombie apocalypse. Plus the demon apocalypse."

Charlie shakes her head quickly. "You're right, bad idea. Don't mind me."

Sam holds out a hand, redirecting their attention back to him. "Maybe not. Hear me out --"

They turn to him. Sam continues, "What if we split, half of you stay in the bunker with Dean and Cas, don't let the demons come in --" just as he speaks, a loud pounding noise comes from the bunker's front door. The demons barricading out there are still relentlessly trying to break through the heavily sigil-protected door. They don't really know how long that door is going to hold. "-- Those who are interested in going for a field trip, they can come with me to take a walk in the cemetery, and we go to Hell together. Most of us are trained hunters; what's so different from fighting inside a fleshed body and fighting with skeletons? Keep away from iron and salt, close to holy oil and water, we should be fine."

"That's hell of a plan," Bobby breathes out sharply, looking around them. "But honestly, I can't think of a better one. Anyone?"

The rest of the group falls quiet.

"Great, we do that then. I'll go with you, kid." Bobby volunteers.

"Count me in," Ellen says the same.

"Bobby, Ellen, you stay with Dean. Mary and I will go with Sam." A deep voice cuts them off from behind the group.

The crowd silently splits to show the man.

"John Winchester." Ellen turns to him, tone icy.

Bobby eyes him, expression stern.

A quiet tension simmers in the air.

John avoids their eyes, looking directly at Sam. "Don't think I'm popular around here anyway."

"Damn right," Bobby answers coldly.

John shoots him a quick glance, then turns back to Sam, managing a tight quirk of his lip, stepping closer. "What do you say? Your mother and I would love to run the mission with you. It's Hell, right? I've been to the place anyway, wouldn't get lost."

Dean keeps his eyes dedicated to Cas, his back to the doorway of his room where the others are gathering, but his Adam's Apple bobs up and down rapidly. He has to snap his eyes shut to keep more tears from pouring out, but they're falling from the corners of his eyes nonetheless.

"Mom, Dad, it's dangerous out there," Sam says, difficultly. "Maybe not everyone can make it."

"All the more reasons to come," Mary says gently.

Dean finds there isn't enough strength in him to voice anything. Any objection to the plan that can go wrong in so many ways. Any farewells to those who might never survive as a *soul*. Nothing but a whimper.

Sam's eyes are hot, but he nods appreciatively. "I never thought... " he pauses to manage the twitch of his face, torn between a sob and a smile. He looks at Mary and John with gleaming eyes. "I'd never imagined a day I would go hunting with both my parents. I'd love that."

The perpetual pounding and scratching on the front door echoes louder and louder, passing through the hallways and reaching their ears. The bunker protection might be failing.

They glance at the noise's direction nervously.

"It's settled then," Bobby says resolutely. "Go. The rest of us will cover you and guard the place. And Dean, you can stay with Cas."

"I'll help with the bunker computer," Ash proposes. "Think I see some extra defense commands in the system."

Charlie pops to his side. "I'll help."

"I'll take the front door," Ellen says quickly. "Bobby, you take the back door. Jo, stay with Dean and Cas."

"I can fight, too!" Jo pouts reflexively.

Ellen gives her a look. "I need you to pass messages if anything happens to them. The place is too big even for all of us."

"Which is a good thing in our case," Dean husks, slowly letting go of Cas's hands, standing up, and turning back to everyone. They fall silent and listen to him. "The war room has the building blueprint. I can go over the structure with you. And everyone has one more advantage over demons -- you can walk through walls and floors, they can't. We'll need more holy water, too --"

Pastor Jim raises his hand with his cross in it. "I got it."

"-- And the armory. We have big guns here, just need to move them into position."

Caleb and a few other old hunters raise their hands. "On it."

The bunker has always been supposed to be a central fortress for a whole army to organize and prepare for wars -- the way Man of Letters built it and protected it. For once, it finally operates as it's supposed to, with a full house of fighters and soldiers.

Dean's eyes land on the translucent figures around them, scanning their faces one by one. He breathes out heavily, and tells them, "Thank you."

He says it with his full heart and all the gratitude. His eyes are burning hot with tears again, but this time he blinks them away. "Thank you for fighting our war."

"It's everyone's war, kid, not just yours." Bobby interrupts him gruffly. "Don't ever think you're saving the world alone. We got you."

Dean pulls a shallow smile, then turns to grab Sam into a hug. "I'll see you around. Come back safely."

Sam nods over his shoulder. "Don't worry. I got Mom and Dad with me. Never felt safer."

Dean lets him go, wiping his eyes roughly, smiling bitterly at his parents. "Mom. Dad." There is still so much he wants to say, but so little time.

John and Mary give him a firm nod. "Dean."

Mary's ghostly hand brushes past his cheek, leaving a chilly sensation. "I love you," she says. Gentle and beautiful.

Dean has to bite his lower lip to stop it from trembling too much. He nods tightly. "Protect Sammy," he chokes hoarsely. "And come back. Please." He does not say goodbye. He doesn't want to.

"Of course." Mary smiles easily. The three of them move toward the garage together.

Dean stares at their backs a moment longer.

Everyone starts moving to their assigned fighting positions. Dean goes back to Cas's side.

<br>

It feels like a Deja Vu again, going to Hell, going to the Cage in nowhere. Descending the stairs into nothingness, with a demon and a witch on his side. But the other companies are too different and too distracted. Sam can feel John and Mary's eyes on his back from time to time. Sam tries very hard not to glance and grimace at their current vessels.

"Well, that's a scene I never thought I'd seen." Crowley tuts loudly, eyeing the skeletons of John and Mary. The bones and skulls of their current forms shake and clatter as they make moves. The crispy sound echoes in the bleak passageway of Hell.

They still manage to pack and carry flagons of holy water and holy oil with them.

"Says by a demon," John retorts disapprovingly.

Sam is actually surprised that John hasn't toppled the whole jar of holy water on Crowley. He wonders if it has anything to do with when he last mentioned he's "a friend" back in the car outside Missouri's.

"Nor do I," Rowena agrees with a taunting smile. "Haven't seen anything remotely similar to this in my three hundred years of life. Haven't imagined with my wildest imagination, and you knew I could imagine many things."

"And a witch," Mary regards her.

"And you two are zombie ghosts. Be good ones before losing it, alright?" Crowley snaps his finger and lights the torches on the stone wall, leading the way down to the pit. "We already got enough problems."

Even he looks exhausted. Sam can't help noticing.

The King of Hell looks like he has drowned in an all-work-and-no-play life. His suit isn't nearly as neat as he usually keeps it. His suit shoes have dust and stains on the leather. And the crease between his eyebrows is forming into a permanent knot. He doesn't even have a glass of alcohol anywhere near him. And he stays mostly quiet throughout the whole journey down to the Cage, pondering on something.

Sam considers asking how his work is in other demon-related activities, and he might if it's any other day when his mind has a split second for a break or an amusement. But not today. Already too many things are crowding his mind, and he really can use a moment of silence when Crowley isn't speaking. He'd better treasure that moment without probing Crowley to say something more.

Rowena is also surprisingly cooperative today -- she didn't even object much before agreeing to help. Sam points that out.

"What's the problem with you guys?" The witch rolls her eyes. "We don't do what you want, you're upset; we do what you want, you're upset. Make your mind, will ya?"

Sam rolls his eyes, too. "Sorry! Just saying I'm surprised, that's all."

"You are just sadistic, I know. Poor Samuel," Rowena gives him an exaggerated smile, putting a hand on his shoulder, squeezing intimately. Sam clears his throat loudly, shifting away, forcing himself not to look back at his parents to find a reaction.

"You just can't believe anything that's too easy to get -- a cake on a plate with a cherry on top. Your brother, too." Rowena says brightly, taking her hand back, steadying the bag of ingredients she's carrying. "Though for his case, that cherry is an angel." Sam has to clear his throat loudly again.

"How are they, though?" Rowena asks with some minor interest. "Curious they are not here with you. Let me guess, they are too tied up together and decide to throw out the third wheel now?"

Sam fidgets with the blade and flashlight in his hands uncomfortably. "They are fine. Just, busy with other things," he says simply.

Rowena studies his face curiously. "My my, did I hit some nerve?"

"It's none of your business." Mary steps into the conversation. "No one is third-wheeling anyone. We all volunteered."

Rowena glances at Mary briefly, then talks to Sam again, "I can see where you boys inherit those tempers from. Like mother, like sons. Or father, too, I bet."

Sam huffs a short laugh.

Rowena stays quiet for the rest of the trip.

They soon arrive at the level where the Cage is located. The deepest, lowest den.

The Cage hangs in the middle of nothingness, locked by iron chains wired around all its corners. The small confined prison where they used to temporarily talk to Lucifer -- which turned out to be not so temporarily -- still stands on the ground, which is the only reference to tell where the ground is in all the darkness and nothingness.

Rowena sets up her cauldron and the ingredients at the edge of where light still reaches, and starts murmuring the spells. The runes and sigils carved on the side of the Cage brighten up in her command. A low rumbling sound, like a distant thunder, is rolling closer. More and more intense as the spell sinks in.

"Shouldn't we prepare him a vessel like the one you did for Lucifer?" Sam suddenly remembers, turning to Crowley.

"Sorry, Nick's is one and only. Not exactly a vessel retail factory around here, in case you didn't notice." Crowley says dryly.

"He still has Adam, right?" Sam asks cautiously.

"If he hadn't broken his chew toy, sure," Crowley answers easily.

"Adam?" John asks in surprise. The skeleton's voice is raspy like sandpaper.

Sam swallows. Glancing back, he splutters, "Dean and I found out we had a half-brother a few years ago. Apparently, he's also considered a Winchester by the archangels."

"A half-brother?" Mary asks, confused. "What are you talking about?" She turns to her side, "John? You never told me that."

Crowley whistles, "Awkward."

"I'll... I'll tell you everything later," John stutters, which Sam thinks he's never seen his Dad ever do before. "He's also my son. You were gone, and I wasn't exactly... you know."

Mary says slowly, "Okay."

John asks miserably, turning back to Sam, "How did he get involved in all this? I thought I protected him from this side of life."

Sam lets out a short breath. "Not so much. Ghouls killed him and his mother, and archangels resurrected him as a vessel when Dean said 'No'."

"Oh God." John breathes heavily.

"He's stuck in the Cage with Michael for seven years now." Sam finishes.

"You couldn't save him?" Mary prompts.

"We tried," Sam tells them, feeling the bitterness on his tongue. "Death gave Dean a choice: saving me or saving Adam. He could only get one of us out, so he saved me. I'm sorry."

John sighs loudly.

Rowena's chanting words pitch higher and faster, then halt abruptly. Their attention turns back to the ritual.

The witch slices her palms and claps them together, yelling the last pose: "*Torzul d, zamran!*"

The symbols on the Cage all lighten up at the same time, glowing together, combining into one, shining as bright as the Sun. The distant rumbling sound now becomes the thunder and lightning right on top of their heads. The heat and electricity in the air fry their skin.

"He'll kill us!" Sam suddenly realizes, yelling, covering his eyes. He vaguely hears the movement of others hurrying closer as well, something hard and rough colliding onto his skin. But he can't open his eyes to see.

"Vaporize, not kill!" Rowena yells back.

"What's the difference?!" Sam counters automatically.

"Are you really spending your last breath bickering with this three-hundred-year-old witch?!" Crowley shouts at both of them, ducking down somewhere. "We all going to die from your stupid plan anyway!"

And then, the blinding light dims. A figure with the shadow of massive wings descends slowly from the air.

Sam chances a glance. The light is still bright, but now not strong enough to burn his eyes. The figure wears Adam's body. But he tries not to think about whether that kid is still in there somewhere or butchered and tortured even worse than his soul once was.

"Michael," Sam speaks carefully, straightening up. He realizes John and Mary have thrown themselves onto him, covering his back as best as they could with their skeletal bodies. The soothing sense of security he felt a moment ago slides off him as they straighten up as well. Sam blinks, feeling his eyes hot.

"You wouldn't have been able to protect your son with your borrowed bodies, if I wanted to destroy every one of you," Michael announces solemnly.

Sam realizes he's talking to John and Mary directly.

John takes a step ahead, exposing himself to the face of the archangel without shaking. "I have to protect him as best as I can, just like I had been trying to protect you, Adam. I'm sorry I failed. I'm sorry about everything you're going through," he says loudly, looking at the archangel's lit-up face, the face that also belongs to Adam Milligan -- or Adam Winchester, as far as he's concerned -- in his eyes.

Michael drops to the ground before them, bare-footed. He turns to John slowly, looking at him straight. "I will let Adam decide if he wants to forgive you. But before that, where can I get some decent burger or pizza? Adam is starving."

The lights in his eyes extinguish completely, turning into Adam's bright blue eyes.

<br>

**Notes for the chapter:**

The spell Rowena used to open Cage: "*Torzul d, zamran!*" was referenced from the Enochian Lucifer used to rise Death. The Enochian can be roughly translated as: "Rise, show!"
