---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death（Chap.4）The Roadhouse（2）
date: 2025-08-08 04:16
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Dean Winchester", "Castiel", "Sam Winchester", "Bobby Singer", "Ellen Harvelle", "Jo Harvelle", "Lucifer"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 DCBB
long_novels: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death
---

The view in the bunker looks surreal even for them, Dean thinks, when Bobby leads the rest of them through the Vail and into the bunker.

It looks like a proper hunting operation base camp, for once, with spacious rooms occupied by the busy hunters. Except those hunters are nothing more than foggy floating figures. Most of them haven't learned how to interact with objects yet, so they walk through the walls and doors, disappearing and appearing out of nowhere. It's nothing short of bizarre.

"House rule one: Nobody goes anywhere near the dungeon!" Dean announces once they seem to settle down, hoping the ones temporarily disappeared can also hear him.

Sam has gone off to check if the orders he commanded Lucifer to shut up and stay put was still taking effect with him out of the bunker.

Cas is missing from this orientation, too, said he needed a moment in his room the minute they were back home.

So Dean is left alone with them.

It would have been a lot easier if they're really just a bunch of old hunters hanging out in a hunter's bar. Dean can use a nice glass of drink from Ellen or Jo right about now.

"We can use as much help as we need." He tells them, gesturing to the books in the library, then the corridors outside of the war room. "We have books and everything, everyone who can touch things, feel free to start reading and go looking for ways to make an archangel recover quickly, or look for cases, find us some demons or corrupted souls we can collect. Be careful about the magical items and sigils around the place -- we don't know half what they do, so don't touch them if you don't want to get burned or something."

He glances at the group around them, mostly hanging around the war room center table now. "I think that's about it. Any questions?"

Ash raises his hand, pointing at Sam's closed laptop on the edge of the table. "Can I have one of that? Would be really helpful."

"Use mine." Dean tells him, nodding at the one sitting before him, "if you can touch it."

Ash reaches for it. His fingers pass through the surface, sinking into the wooden table. "Dammit."

He curses and tries again, but all the same.

"You'll get a hold of it," Dean comforts him, managing something as close to a smile as he can put together. "Just, take it easy. Ask Bobby if you need advice."

Bobby rolls his eyes. "What am I, ghost advisor? I was only a ghost for like half a year, and that's about five years ago."

Dean shrugs slightly. "Still more than any of us ever did."

The old hunter tries for himself to grab the laptop. It moves obediently under his ghostly fingers.

Ash raises his eyebrows. "I need to learn that."

Bobby answers dryly, "Moving a thing ain't same as typing on those tiny little buttons."

Dean leaves them for the ghost discussions and excuses himself out of the room.

He walks down the corridor leading to Cas's room.

Jo catches up with him half-way, emerging from the side wall.

Dean startles when he's about to run right into the white mist around her. "Jeez, use the floor, will ya?" He grunts, halting his steps abruptly, veering around her.

"You're not paying attention," Jo points out sharply, studying his face. Her shape settles down as she concentrates, looking more solidified as her feet touch the floor and start walking alongside him, instead of sliding. "Got something on your mind?"

Dean picks up his pace again, passing the spare rooms and storage rooms without looking. "Where do I start?" He answers glumly, glancing at Jo. "Take your pick, broken Heaven, dying angels, ghosts, the Devil --"

She looks solid enough now, so for a short minute, Dean can trick his brain to believe this really is the real Jo talking to him -- in a way, she is.

"But those aren't really the things troubling you the most, are they?" Jo glances back, raising her eyebrows.

Dean frowns. "What do you mean?"

"You've dealt with Apocalypse before -- and won. And all those other big events you told us about? End of the world sounds almost just like another Thursday now -- which, I'll guess doesn't freak you out as much as they used to. Lucifer isn't in his peak, and Sam has control over him, so that's also a relief. I don't think you really care that much about all those other angels, Dean," she pauses, looking at Dean in the eyes, "so there's only one thing -- one man, one angel -- left, really."

"Cas." Dean breathes out, having to admit. "Yeah, I'm worried about him. I got reason to."

Jo hums thoughtfully, picking her words carefully. "He seemed a little different now, since the last time I remember. The Castiel I knew was all powerful and real angelic, with all those energies and powers and wings. Now he seemed... more soft, more human."

Dean lowers his head, rubbing his temple with a bitter huff. "Yeah, tell me about it. He's gone through a lot, the life with us is tiring."  "Tiring" isn't even enough to *begin* to cover how much Cas's been through, Dean thinks. He died and came back so many times, he turned human too. He's totally exhausted lately. When's the last *he* saw Cas go all powerful and celestial? Dean frowns deeper.

"That's not what I mean," Jo cuts his thoughts off.

"What do you mean then?" Dean quirks a brow.

"Have you seen the way he looks at you?" Jo's eyes bore into Dean's, glinting with something suggestive. Ghost or not, she's a sharp girl.

He can see what's coming. Dean feels his skin starts cringe already, he shifts his gaze away, speeding up the pace. "I'm not talking about this," he says decisively.

"Dean --" Jo sighs.

"Jo!" Dean cuts her off quickly. They are about reaching Cas's room now. He can see lights seeping from under the crack of his doorframe.

He turns around to face Jo fully. "Listen, I appreciate the talk, alright? I really do." He shuts his eyes for a second, wondering detachedly how their life has come to this, how he ended up talking about... things he didn't want to think about, with his friends who have died and come back as ghosts. But really, he does appreciate the gesture -- "But, we're not talking about it, not here, not today." *If ever.* His mind supplies. He glances down the corridor before turning back to Jo.

He finds Jo's gaze follow his, knowing exactly what he's looking at. He shifts uneasily again.

"Alright," Jo answers lightly, throwing her hands up. "Just saying... if you need someone to talk to, you know where to find me. Or if anyone else, my mom, Bobby, your old friends -- now's the chance."

Now she really looks like the little sister he never had.

Dean gives her a small nod. "Thanks, Jo."

He continues down the corridor hastily.

<br>

The door is closed tight in Cas's room. He realizes the light seeping out at the edge of the door is shivering, flickering violently. It's not the bedside lamp type of light, but the glazing bright white-blue light. The one from angel grace.

Dean's heart clutches. He pounds on the door. "Cas, you okay in there? Can I come in?"

A shrieking pitch sounds up from inside, piercing through the air like a blade. It sounds like angel's true voice, the one cracked the gas station window when Cas first tried to speak to him before meeting him in a vessel. Except the voice this time sounds even higher and more shrilly than that time, sounding like a combination of warning and yelling of pain.

Dean has to cover his ears at the sound of that, his eardrums might be bleeding otherwise. The light under the doorframe recedes slowly.

"What's happening, Cas?" Dean raises his voice, fumbling the doorknob with his elbow.

He manages to turn the door open and rushes in without waiting for an answer.

The last thread of silvery grace light flows into Cas's mouth right at the same moment as Dean bursts in. Cas's eyes are brightened up for a short while, and then it fades completely.

Cas is kneeling by the bedside chair, hands grabbing the chair arms, barely holding himself upright. His whole body is shaking violently like a winter leaf. He frowns so deeply that every crinkled line on his face is saying pain in its own way.

"What's that?" Dean rushes to his side, bending over, looking at Cas closely. His face is more pale than a sheet of paper. His lips trembling. Sweat hanging on his forehead. He doesn't remember ever seeing Cas sweat.

Cas takes a few shallow breathes before answering shakily, "I didn't want you to see me like that, Dean."

He tries to get up on his shaky legs, using the chair to pull himself up. Dean lends him a hand and helps him turn around and sit down.

Cas pants at the effort.

"Well, sorry, I worried." Dean watches him with a heavy frown. "Why did you leave your body? Going anywhere?"

"I can better examine my condition in my true form," Cas confesses.

"Okay? So that's good or bad?" Dean prompts.

"It's... not improving." Cas chooses words carefully.

"Not improving? What do you mean 'not improving'?" Dean is alarmed. "The healing is slow or not at all?"

Cas swallows, hesitant.

"Cas?"

"Not at all," he stares at the floor of the room, almost like he's ashamed, as if it's his fault. "My grace is failing consistently, and I can't do anything about it. That's why it's making me so tired and weak all the time ever since I came back from Heaven. I tried to keep it together when we were out there, but it is very exhausting."

Dean inhales sharply, wiping his face. He kneels down beside the chair so that he can look at Cas better. He leaves his hands on Cas's knees, looking up, and saying with a voice that's so pained that as if merely saying it is already tearing his heart apart. He says, shakily, "Tell me you're not infected."

Cas looks at him with sad eyes. "I don't know," he answers quietly.

"You don't know?"

"I don't know if it's something different in me, or different symptom, or I'm just too tired." Cas's breath comes even now. He pauses, and considers. Dean's heart beats fast.

"What's different?"

"If I am --" Cas gestures his body, "if I'm infected with the same Angel Black Death as all the other angels, I should be dead by now. The infected darkness would have eaten away my remaining grace, and I wouldn't be able to even talk to you right now -- the deadly symptoms come very swiftly once they start showing. At best, I'll be one of those shrieking, waning lights before going out. But now I'm just tired and weak, and can't heal myself -- I don't know what's happening to me."

Dean breathes rapidly, "Okay, okay -- still bad, but not super-duper bad, that's good news to me. There gotta be ways to help you, right? Angel medicine, angel vitamin, anything?"

Cas looks at him, pulling a tight smile, saying slowly, "There is one thing I notice that does help wondrously."

"What's that?"

"I feel better whenever you're close," he says quietly. Eyes on Dean, but uncharacteristically uncertain.

Dean blinks. "Now really isn't a good time for flirting, Cas." He hears himself saying.

"No, it's the fact," Cas says with a straight face. "I don't know why, but every time you are around, I feel significantly better."

Dean rubs his cheeks, huffing a small laugh. "That sounds exactly like chick-flicks."

He runs into Cas's serious eyes, and Dean swallows, forcing his voice go lighter. "Alright, Sap, stay close then. We'll figure out how to fix you up."

"Thank you," Dean hears a quiet murmur from Cas.

"Sure thing." He stands up and pats the angel on his shoulder.

<br>

Lucifer sits in a yoga pose when Sam checks on him, a lingering smirk hanging on his face.

*Sam.* He mouths, no sound coming out.

Sam smiles a little, can't help enjoying probably a tad too much just to see Lucifer chained and powered down. He wonders what else he can demand the Devil do now. For a moment, he thinks he can totally understand why Crowley would go through all the trouble and just to make Lucifer his bitch. It does feel good.

But he has to remind himself he's better than this -- better than a revengeful demon, better than the Devil. He drops his smile.

Lucifer blinks innocently, looking at him with a kicked puppy look, mouthing again. *Sam --*

Sam shakes his head disapprovingly at himself, then harshly, "What?"

"You got quite a crowd up there." Lucifer sniffs the air, smiling fawningly and asking. "Did you bring me any snack? You know, sweet little tasty bits, blinking like small stars?"

"Not yet. Just, wait." Sam shifts uneasily. "How's... how's your power?"

The Devil shrugs. "Same as yesterday, slow. You do know it usually takes millennia to get on top, right? Time used to be such a cheap thing, something we have too much, couple of eons gone in a blink, unlike lately --"

Sam shrugs. "Normally I'd say that's a good thing."

Lucifer pretends a crinkled frown. "That hurts, Sam. But that's okay, I'll let that pass. I'm a generous man." He huffs slightly.

Sam snorts a humorless laugh. "Right. You, generous."

"I am!" Lucifer says sulkily, pouting like a young child. "Admit it, I've been good lately, Sam. Especially to you." He shakes the angel cuffs on his wrists, glaring at it. "Can't I get off these bloody things for a minute? You know you can always put them back on anyway, with all the headwire thing." He circles his temple with a finger, giving a short whistle to company the gesture.

Sam's lips twitch. "No," he tells the Devil firmly. "You're 'good' only because you're our little bitch now. We'd like to keep it that way."

"That's not very nice, considering you still need my help," Lucifer scolds, sitting straight, eyes burning with a hint of rage.

Sam is taken aback slightly, wetting his lips uneasily. "What you want?"

"You know exactly what I want. You are like the most difficult prom date I've ever asked, Sam." Lucifer purrs.

"No." Sam shakes his head violently, his finger pointing at the Devil's face. "And it will always and forever be 'No'. You can stop dreaming."

"Even for saving the world, again?" Lucifer grinds ruthlessly. "Even for saving your brother and your best buddy, and your dear mommy and daddy?"

"No -- And my parents are already dead, can't believe you're still using them as bait." Sam snorts.

Lucifer looks at him like a teacher looking at a slow student. "Sam, Sam," he says with a half-hearted sigh. "Where did dead souls go nowadays? I thought you already knew that. Meeting your proxy Dad is one thing, what do you say, ready to meet your real Dad now?"

Sam freezes.

After quickly putting the mute button back on the Devil and closing the dungeon door again, he runs up the stairs two steps at a time.

"Dean -- we need to find Mom and Dad. NOW."
