---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death（Chap.6）Evil Never Rests（2）
date: 2025-08-11 16:17
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Dean Winchester", "Castiel", "Sam Winchester", "Charlie Bradbury"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 DCBB
long_novels: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death
---

"Go! Get Mom and Dad back to bunker!" Dean shoves the Impala key into Sam's hand, already pushing the car door open as he speaks. Cas climbs out of the car from his side at the same time.

"I can't just leave you guys with the Stynes!" Sam shouts as he moves to the driver's seat.

"I can't risk them getting caught by demons!" Dean yells back, giving a head tilt toward John and Mary's ghosts on the backseat. "Just go! Come back once they're safe in bunker!"

"Be careful, Dean," Sam urges.

"Go!" Dean says again, bolting with Cas toward the mist where they last saw the ghost of Charlie took form.

Impala rumbles to life again. Sam takes a sharp reverse, riding onto the small path to detour around the woods toward bunker.

The demon smoke whirls up into the sky like a black hurricane, the sound of the fallen tree leaves and the wind sounds like loud demonic laughter.

"How are we even gonna kill them when they're not in bodies?" Dean asks loudly.

"I can smite them," Cas answers readily.

Dean tears his eyes away from the black-white smoke briefly to eye the angel. "You got enough mojo for that?"

"It has to," Cas says sternly.

"What do I do?"

"Protect Charlie, round them up for me," Cas commands quickly.

Dean weighs the demon blade in his hands, wondering aloud. "Is this pure iron? Is it going to hurt Charlie as well?"

Cas shoves the angel blade he was holding into Dean's hand. "Use this."

"What about you?"

"Don't worry about me," Cas says hastily. He runs toward the smoking mist, eyes starting to flare.

"Dean --" Charlie's voice sounds up faintly from somewhere nearby, but her shape is nowhere to be found.

"Charlie, where are you?" Dean runs up to the closest black smoke, smelling sulfur and fire. The mocking laughter sounds more shrieking and hellish by each step he's getting closer. He waves the angel blade at the demon smoke. The unshapen demon squeals and thins, backing up slightly from where the blade sweeps through, rising higher up into the sky, beyond reach. The mist in its held drops down to the ground, condensing and forming slowly.

Dean kneels beside her, calling anxiously. "Charlie? You alright?"

The red hair comes into form first, the rest of her head and body later. The ghost of Charlie moans as she shows up laying on the ground. "I didn't know ghost can feel pain too." Her eyes are shut tight for a moment, before opening up to look at Dean. "You look worried."

Dean huffs briefly, "Hey, kid. Nice to see you again."

Another demon cloud dives down toward them before Charlie can say anything else. Dean jumps back a step, swiping the blade through the middle of the black shape. The demon screams, splitting into two halves of black smoke, twirling into opposite directions before meeting again in the mid-air, merging into one shape, letting out a long shrieking sound of wind that gives Dean goosebumps. A second wave of attack rains down on them before Dean can take a second of breath.

That sound must be a calling of assembly of some sort, Dean thinks. More black smoke hover over the head of them this time, circling like a group of vultures surveying carcass before devouring.

Dean finds his eyes can hardly keep focused on these dissipating and gathering smokes, let alone fighting them off or protecting Charlie's soul. "A little help here, Cas!" he yells.

Cas sprints to him, palm raising, eyes brightening. "Shut your eyes!"

Light pours out of his palm as the demons descend. Dean throws himself on top of Charlie's spirit, covering his eyes with his elbow. A wave of electricity flies over his head, buzzing with energy. When he looks up again, the closely circling demon cloud is gone. And Cas is panting heavily, staggering unsteadily, barely standing straight.

Dean rushes to hold him up, lending a shoulder. "You okay?"

Cas bites on his lips, nodding faintly. But there is nothing that says "okay" on his face. Dean smells copper.

Charlie floats up to them, studying Cas's face, worried. "What happened to you?"

"Long story. We have to go," Dean says briefly, glancing at the sky. The demons are far from gone. When Crowley said "the Stynes are out", he really thought he only meant that pretentious family he slaughtered, from the big daddy in suit to the hatchet men and that kid in the library. But they are definitely seeing more than a dozen demons around here.

*Frankenstein is a big family tree. They have existed for a thousand years.* Now he remembers. Sam did most of the research, and his memory of those times isn't always exactly clear. But he can piece things together. They are in bigger trouble than he thought.

"Dean!" Charlie outcries, her shape scattered up as a mass of black smoke sneak up to her from behind when Dean is distracted for Cas. Black fog forms into long claws, breaking up the ghost form of Charlie from middle. Her scared face stays for a second longer than the rest of the body, then dissipates into white mist.

"No, no, no -- Charlie! I'm not losing you again! Not again!" Dean shouts, having to let go of Cas to throw the angel blade at the demon smoke. Losing support, Cas drops to his knees.

The black smoke retreats. Pain of Charlie's cry still echoes in the air.

"Charlie? Charlie! You still there?" Dean yells from the top of his lung, focusing on the white mist surrounding them.

"I don't know how many more rounds I can take," Charlie answers faintly, thin mist gathering around tentatively. She flashes in and out like bad TV signal. "I don't think all of us can get out of here." She gives a strained smile. "Get Cas out of here, don't mind me."

"No -- NO!" Dean points a finger at her, choking out. "We go home together, all of us!"

Demons gather fast, even more than before, thick and sulfuric, clouding in, covering the sky. The morning hour looks like late in the afternoon right before a big thunderstorm.

"It's okay, Dean," Charlie manages to keep the warm and small smile, even if it's shaking, even if it looks like she'd cry if she's still capable of. She reaches out a hand, as if trying to touch Dean's hand, but the mist that forms the shape of her finger dissipates the moment they touch. "It's not your fault. I don't blame you. Not last time, not this time."

Charlie looks at him in the eyes, fearful but film. "Save Cas. You need him."

"What about you?" Dean's eyes are wet.

"I can distract them for a while. Hopefully long enough for you two to get out of here." She looks up. The black smoke is flying in the sky high above them. "They're here for me anyway."

"No, they're here for me." Dean corrects.

"Why?"

"I killed every last one of those sons of bitches last time, after what they did to you." Dean tells her, managing a small bitter smile.

"Oh." Charlie pauses for a beat. "Thanks for that. I guess."

Dean follows her line of sight to glance at the demons waiting for the next opportunity to attack, his voice shaking with pain. "They'll tear your apart."

Charlie shrugs slightly, making her voice light. "I died for you once. What's the fuss about doing it again, right?"

Dean shakes his head. "It's different this time. You're a soul now. You die this time, you die permanently."

"Well," Charlie gives him one of her best smiles. "I love you. We all love you."

Trapped by her eyes and smile, Dean can't even find enough strength in him to answer with a classic Han Solo-style "I know."

Cas pulls himself up from the ground strenuously, saying beside them quietly, "You know she's right, Dean. We all do."

Aiming at the demons, he starts chanting in Latin: "*Et secta diabolica, omnis congregatio...*"

Dean is startled, grabbing Cas's arm. "What are you doing?"

Cas doesn't stop the spell, only returning him with a determined look. "*Omnis legio, omnis incursion...*"

The black smoke of demons circling over their heads drop down rapidly and unnaturally, their shape distorted by the force. They look more like getting pulled and dragged involuntarily by a force as strong as the eye of a hurricane rather than trying to launch an attack actively. They're reacting to the spell, controlled by it.

Charlie gasps loudly. "That's exorcism, but reversed!"

"You are going to trap them in you." Dean realizes, tears falling down. "It will kill you."

"I don't have enough power to smite all of them, but I can burn them up once they're in my vessel," Cas explains quickly between the spell. "Only way you two can get out of here safe."

"Don't do this, Cas." Dean sobs, holding him tighter. "Don't make me lose you again."

Charlie thinks quickly. "We only need your vessel as a trap, why don't you jump into Dean? We knife them with demon blade once they're in, then you jump back."

"Yes, yes!" Dean agrees immediately, glancing at Charlie gratefully. "Come on, Cas! It will work! Yes! I'm okay with it!"

"NO!" Cas shouts, over the shrieking sound of the demons that are coming closer and closer.

"Why not?!" Dean shouts back.

"Because I'm infected!"

Cas gives him one last pained and desperate look, pulling his arm out of Dean's grasp forcibly, pushing him away. "Goodbye, Dean."

Opening his arms toward the sky, he finishes the spell.

Dean is pushed three feet away, dropping to the leaf-covered ground, having to watch the black smoke of demons pour into Cas's mouth, drowning him in the darkness. Demons let out an unending ululating shriek, whether it's pain or joy he can not tell. The sky clears slowly as they get absorbed. Cas's body drops to the ground when the last thread of smoke disappeared through his mouth.

"CAS!" Dean cries desperately.

Cas's body starts writhing on the ground, twitching compulsively into unnatural shapes. Hands and body bend sharply backwards, then slowly return to normal pose. Dean forgets to blink or breath, or how to use his hands and legs. He crawls toward Cas on his knees and hands, pulling himself to him.

"He's still fighting," Charlie says in a strained voice behind him.

There are still glints of white-blue light in his eyes, fighting with the black pupils. The tips of his lips curl up in an evil smile, but shortly turned back down into a thin line. His face turns focused, lines tight and crinkled. Unconsciously, he bites on his lips and grits his teeth. Slow stream of blood seep from the corner of his mouth, dripping to dye the ground red.

Dean drags himself until he can reach Cas. Demon or not, he's not leaving his angel just like that.

Dean grips Cas's cold hand in both his, pulling it to his lips, begging frantically. "You can do this, Cas! Fight them! You're strong. Come back to me, Cas." He closes his eyes. "Please --"

*I can't do this without you.* His mind says. *You are too important to me.*

He presses his palms around Cas's hand so hard as if he can will whatever strength he might have to Cas like that.

*Please.* He can only hear this one thing his mind has left to say, over and over again. *Please, come back to me.*

"Dean!" Charlie's sharp voice raises a pitch.

Dean snaps open his eyes.

The light of grace takes over Cas's eyes, burning brighter and brighter like it's exploding. Soon it's too blinding to watch. Dean has to duck down his head and shut his eyes. His view burns bloody red behind his eye lids even when his eyes are covered.

He feels the hand he's holding droops slack when it's over.

Cas's body stays dead still on the ground, eyes closed. His body feels cold.

"No, no, no, no, no --" Dean throws himself over to him, crying helplessly. He reaches a finger under his nose, then sits back heavily on his heels.

"Is he...?" Charlie chokes out difficultly.

Dean lets out a ragged sound. "Alive."

He can barely recognize his own broken voice. "He's still alive."

He reaches out to pull Cas's limp body into his embrace tenderly, holding him there.

A screech of car racing to them and brake sharply.

"Oh God, oh God --" Sam gasps, rushing to them before the Impala is even completely halted.

"Is he..." Sam runs to his brother, seeing what he's holding, breathless and choked. "Dean, is Cas... dead?"

Dean looks up at him, streaks of tear marks still on his face, but he's smiling. "Cas made it. Son of a bitch is so strong. I know it. He wouldn't just leave me like that."

With that broken teary smile, he almost looks hysteric.

Sam approaches gingerly, putting a finger on Cas's neck. He huffs out in relief. "He still needs to wake up from that coma." Sam gestures at Cas's unconscious body.

"He's just exhausted," Dean says quickly. "A night's beauty sleep and he'll bounce right back."

"Right," Sam's face twitches with a small smile. "Let's get him to the car first."

Dean bats away Sam's helping hand. Instead, he staggers and carries Cas in a princess pose back to the car all by himself. Sam doesn't argue.

Dean doesn't show a sign of paying any attention to drive. He slides right back in with Cas on the back seat.

Sam takes the cue and sits behind the wheel.

"I'll just..." Charlie hesitates outside the car, flashing back into form.

Sam smiles guiltily. "Yeah, you can take the shotgun. And, nice to see you again, Charlie."

Dean blocks out the rest of their talk as the car starts moving.

He looks down at Cas's comatose face. "Let's go home."
