---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death（Chap.3）Rock Never Dies（3）
date: 2025-07-29 01:42
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Dean Winchester", "Castiel", "Sam Winchester", "Fergus MacLeod/Crowley"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 DCBB
long_novels: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death
---

The music festival is going to last a whole week, according to that gothic girl they met outside the field. They are there on the third night, and hardly missed anything good. The air is just heating up. Dean tells her they're all huge hard-core rock fans, driving all the way west to witness the whole thing.

The girl lets them in after ten minutes of talking. Dean can't say he's not pleased to know his grin and wink still work like a charm nowadays.

The festival is hosted in a wild field outside the city, near the desert. Just an hour away from the city, it already feels like so far from the city that the entire human civilization is something they have to make an effort to remember existed in the world. They spend ages winding around the dark hills and canyons, heading into the noted canyon with springs, until the view suddenly widens after the one last turn in the hills. It's like an oasis in the wild desert, decorated with shadows of palm trees reaching as high as the moon, covered with millions of tiny little light spots, where each one is one human figure moving and shaking with the music rhythm. The ground shakes along with the music beats, and they can feel it before hearing it.

Dean remembers seeing old TV news from the Las Vegas music festival back when he was still a teenager who had all those adolescent wishlists and vain dreams, and thinking going to one of those festivals would be one's ultimate bucket list. But he didn't ever bother mentioning it to Dad, 'cause he knew he'd never gonna take them there. He just stared at the TV screen, trying to imagine how it must feel to be onsite, but his imagination could only go so far. And now here he is, with Sam and Cas -- his brother and his best friend -- not to enjoy the time and music and all the craziness a rock festival has to offer, but to capture the Devil himself, as if their lives aren't messed enough. *Just great.*

They move their way through the crowd toward the stage -- it's so much more difficult than they thought possible. The music has already started -- Dean suspects it has never stopped for a beat since three days ago -- which totally explains why the crowd never stopped moving and crushing with the music. They feel as if trudging through knee-deep rain-coated land, each step plodding in the mud.

Dean leads the way, splitting the crowd before him and squeezing through, hoping Sam and Cas can stick together closely enough not to get lost. It would be a hell of a trouble to find lost ones in crowds like this -- too loud to hear, too bright to see, just blind and deaf --

Which is, of course, what ends up happening.

"Keep close!" He yells back, trying to turn his head back from time to time, but his voice is overwhelmed by the music and crowds so easily, and the space between all those audience is too tight even for breathing, let alone turning around. All he can see are the men and women wavering with the music rhythm. He has to just continue moving regardless.

Until Dean finally reaches close enough to the stage and sees the side signs that stop anyone from moving any farther, which means the way to the backstage, he finally gets to take a full breath. From this distance, he can see those so-called rock stars' faces when they are howling songs like "Heaven is too far away from me", "Devil is calling me to join", or something of that kind -- which, is a little difficult to tell if it's Lucifer that dipped his fingers in the song or just generally how people nowadays love to hear. Dean turns around, not finding the two familiar figures behind him. He shouts their names.

But the only one answering him is -- "Hello, Squirrel."

"Crowley," Dean glares at the demon in an elegant black suit, sipping his little colorful drink -- where the hell did he get that little umbrella drink in the middle of nowhere?

"Didn't think to meet again so soon," Crowley smiles pretentiously, "but hello again. What are you doing here, busy losing Moose and your boyfriend?"

Dean scans around, looking for his human giant brother who should stand out of the crowd, but finds nothing. He sighs. Not wanting to admit his defeat, he asks instead, "You see them?"

Crowley huffs, making a pretense of standing on his toes to search around, then shrugs. "Somewhere around here," he says carelessly. "You'll find them once trouble comes, you know, that rule with you Winchesters? Just look at the place where shit hit fans, you'd find them right under that fan. Which reminds me, why are you here again? I'd like to be careful not to step on anything."

Dean rolls his eyes. "Look for Lucifer." He glares back at Crowley. "Why are *you* here?"

"I can't just come here listening to some music?" the demon says grudgingly. "Some of the songs are actually good here, very suitable for Hell. I might consider borrowing some idea."

"Uh-huh," Dean says with a straight face. "I don't buy it."

"Fine," Crowley's shoulders slump a little, but he still maintains a forced cheerful smile. "I'm following Lucifer, too. My last lead says he's now possessing a poor bastard called Vince Vincente. Happy now?"

Dean shrugs dismissively. "What do you know about him?"

"Just some old-fashioned second-tier star like any outdated Hollywood stars getting all lusty for attention after they're not young or beautiful or famous anymore," Crowley says nonchalantly.

"No, not the rock star, Lucifer!" Dean cuts him off.

"Oh," Crowley pauses. "Not much, just that he's probably pissed. And probably -- hopefully, weak enough to be killed."

"We're not going to kill him," Dean says.

Crowley narrows his eyes, "Remind me again why you're chasing Devil's tail if not to kill him? You know, for wearing your beloved angel around like a prom dress. Last I remember, you're all in for let Devil be damned as long as Feathers is in one piece."

Dean is just about to answer, when -- "Dean, where the hell have you been? Cas and I were looking for you."

Sam emerges from the crowd, Cas closely behind.

"Where have *I* been? Where have *you* been! I was just thinking about calling those child-lost broadcast, you know, looking for two lost kids coming to the backstage." Dean stares at Sam, then checks on Cas.

Cas's eyes are on Crowley. "What are *you* doing here?"

"Why do I always get interrogated like I did something wrong?" Crowley complains loudly. "Can't I be doing something just so happened to help you out? Not that I'm counting, but it's probably... let me see... How many times have I helped you? There's the first time with Lucifer, and then second time with Lucifer, then third time --" he bends his fingers and pretends counting.

"Alright, whatever." Dean bats his half-bent fingers away. "You say you're helping, then help! How do we get to Lucifer?"

"Not until you tell me why you need him *alive*! I've been working my ass off trying to figure out a way to permanently shut that fucker's mouth off." Crowley grits his teeth.

"Why are we working with the demon again? I thought you were usually against it, Dean." Cas chimes in.

"Not working, just so happened to run into him." Dean shrugs slightly. "Call it fate."

Sam sighs, giving way. "We need his help -- or actually, not *we* we, angels. Angels are dying and we need either him or Michael to save them -- and the world."

"Splendid, you got my attention right at 'Angels are dying'," Crowley shows a practiced smile. "When shall we start celebrating?" He raises the cocktail glass in his hand, pretending a toast, sipping a small sip.

He then turns to Cas, talking in a sweet, slimy voice, "Does that mean Upstairs is short of staff again? My, my, isn't it just like old times, when you and I were hand-in-hand Thelma-and-Louise? For old times' sake, I can loan you some demons to take those probably short-handed administration works, what do you say?"

"Crowley! Fuck, no!" Dean shoves Cas aside, warning the demon with a low and tired voice, just as Cas glares and growls, "No! I learned my lesson!"

"Alright, there, you three, focus!" Sam says, putting a hand on Dean and Cas each, dragging them away before they can land a fist on Crowley's face. His eyes on Crowley. "Lucifer is our biggest problem -- and solution here. Can we please focus?"

Crowley shrugs with his eyebrows flying up and down. "You said you could use the other big feathery asshole, Michael, too, and you know exactly where he is, saving you all this trouble running around the town. So what do you say, let's kill Lucifer together, then I don't care what you do with the other big brother douchebag?"

Sam turns to Cas for help.

Cas answers for them, "Michael is not going to be pleasant for staying in the Cage for the past six years. It might be difficult to reason with him."

Dean chimes in with a humorless chuckle, "Oh, and Lucifer will? For being there since the Dawn of everything and what happened last year?"

"At least we have dealt with him before, we know what he is like -- or was, until Amara tore him out of Cas," Sam says reasonably.

"And he might be weak after the fight. Hopefully it would make him more... persuasible." Cas considers the word carefully.

Dean huffs a laugh. "Is that even possible? The Devil? Persuasible?"

"Only in your best dream," Crowley says.

"My best dream doesn't include Lucifer, thank you very much." Dean rolls his eyes, then turns to Cas again. "Oh, and, before I forget --" He pokes a finger at Cas, so close to him it almost stabs on his chest, just in case it doesn't emphasize enough, "-- don't you ever EVER think about saying 'Yes' again, you hear me? Under no circumstances. Even if the world's ending right next minute. Even if it's the whole planet Earth that's going to explode, Sun crashes, whatever, just, NEVER do that shit again!"

Cas starts with a weak "Dean --"

Dean snaps, "Don't. Just -- just don't. Promise me! I can't go through that again, or you might as well kill me."

"That might make things a bit easier, I agree," Crowley comments unhelpfully.

"You shut your mouth." Dean doesn't even bother looking in Crowley's direction, maintaining his stare with Cas. "Just, promise me, don't do that again -- or we call this off. Whatever reason Devil may trick you, and boy, he knows how to trick."

Cas has to nod faintly.

"Not even if *I*'m dying or whatever, and he says that's the only way to bring me back," Dean amends.

Cas widens his eyes, his temper rising heated tremendously quickly. "Dean! You can't ask me that --"

Dean ignores his protest. "Cas," he says in a calm voice, low, but so much underlying pleading tone. "Please?" He might as well be praying.

Cas glares at him. "You're just being unreasonable." He turns and is ready to move toward the backstage.

Dean puts his hands on Cas's shoulder just in time to stop him.

Cas stops his steps, but does not look back.

Sam looks at them with an almost amused look, and Crowley says, "Look at you two, just like an old bickering married couple."

Dean glares at Crowley, then points his free finger at Sam. "What's so funny? You too! Don't even think about that! Can't believe Lucifer already tricked both of you. Can't let that happen again."

Sam stops his uncontrollable grin, the muscle at the corner of his mouth twitching. "Fine," he says.

Dean eyes Cas's back with a sigh. "Alright, listen up. Crowley got some actual news for us," he eyes the demon. "Why don't you catch us up?"

Rarely obligingly, Crowley gives Cas and Sam a recap on Lucifer and his new vessel, the rock star named Vince Vincente -- whom, surprisingly, among all of them, Sam is the only one heard of the name and his band.

"According to my little birds, his big performance is right tonight," Crowley announces at the end, then checks his shiny costly watch. "And looks like -- about time."

He snaps his drink away, straightens his suit, looks around them, and smiles his patented bright smile. "It's been fun, lads. Now, if you'll excuse me --" He's ready to step away.

Dean and Sam reach for their hidden pistol automatically. Cas readies himself in a gait like he used to do every time before big fights, shaking his sleeve to prepare for grabbing the hidden angel blade.

"The Hell you will," Dean snaps.

The three of them automatically form a half circle around the demon without needing a word.

Crowley eyes them with open amusement. "Really? You are about to start a fight *here*? In front of a hundred thousand humans? You guys are more bold than I thought. By 'bold' I mean brainless. Even my demons know better."

Dean exchanges a look with Sam and Cas, lowering his voice. "And running straight into the Devil without any backup is your idea of *not* brainless?"

"I got a plan," Crowley says lightly, a bit annoyed now. He glances at his watch again.

"Then spill," Sam demands harshly.

Cas takes a step closer menacingly.

The demon sighs -- which Dean's pretty sure is just another of his pretended sigh -- then finally loosens: "Who said anything about 'No backup'?"
