---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death（Chap.4）The Roadhouse（1）
date: 2025-08-05 04:05
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Dean Winchester", "Castiel", "Sam Winchester", "Jody Mills", "Bobby Singer", "Ellen Harvelle", "Jo Harvelle", "Ash"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 DCBB
long_novels: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death
---

Jody invites them in the second they knock on the door.

She looks especially exhausted in her casual clothes -- not the usual sheriff's uniform they get used to seeing. It must be one of her rare days off.

"How many red lights did you break on the way here?" She asks half-jokingly, leading them in. The three of them follow closely.

They made the trip to Sioux Falls in three hours.

Dean shrugs carelessly, "All of them?"

"You did ask us to come quickly," Cas supplies beside him. "It sounds urgent, too."

"You want to know why? Honestly, I have absolutely no idea how to host a house of ghosts, or hunters. And now this?" Jody gestures to them, walking into the living room, close enough to an intro for them. "And most of them are *your* friends, not mine."

They gasp at the threshold of the room.

Jody's place is like a ghost version of Roadhouse, crowded with translucent familiar figures.

Bobby stands awkwardly closest to the entrance, Ash leans against the sofa, Ellen and Jo wander around the kitchen, and a few other familiar-faced ex-hunters and Roadhouse frequents occupy the dining room. They look just like how they used to be before they were gone: Bobby with his favorite baseball cap, Ash in his nerdy sleeveless shirt, Ellen in her jacket, Jo with her jeans.

Jody tells them quietly, "Alex and Claire are in Omaha for the weekend for a Radiohead concert. At least that should make things slightly easier without them jumping on ghosts or loading salt guns."

"I'm glad they were not in the Los Angeles concert," Cas answers. Jody raises an eyebrow in question, answered by Cas's quick "I'll tell you later."

Dean stares at the crowd dumbly, mouth gaping, not knowing what to say.

The four of them even look out of place now, for being not-ghost.

"Bobby," Dean says, slow, his voice hoarse. He looks at them, one at a time. "Ellen, Jo, Ash."

He doesn't even know all those other old hunters' names; some of them might even have passed before he's old enough for a beer from Roadhouse, while other names jump out from his childhood memory. "Caleb, Pastor Jim..." His voice chokes. He hasn't seen many of them for more than ten or even twenty years now.

Cas puts a gentle hand on his shoulder, grounding him.

"How?" Sam asks, in a similar choked voice, swallowing hard.

"Heaven cracked open like an egg shell," Ash explains calmly, in a scientific manner, just like he used to be when they were doing research on Apocalypse. "I was hanging around in the wild when their rooms crashed down like paper houses. People wake up from their Heaven dream loops and start walking around. I found some of them using my soul-locator -- I showed you last time you went there, if you still remember -- met Ellen and Jo, and a few other folks. More joined later. But none of us knew what was happening. We didn't run into any angels, just some white-black chunks of lights here and there. The whole place is shaking like kids' toy blocks, think *Earthquake* or *The Poseidon Adventure*."

"And then we found Heaven's prison, and we found Bobby." Ellen walks over, telling them. Then turns to Bobby, a little amused, "By the way, I still haven't figured out how you could get yourself locked up when you are in Heaven."

Bobby shrugs, answering dryly, "For helping those idjits, of course."

"Of course," Ellen tilts one side of her lip knowingly.

"Anyway," Ash continues. "No halo patrol in the prison area, either, just as empty as anywhere else. So we busted Bobby out."

"Wait, you picked locks in Heaven's prison?" Dean widens his eyes.

"Sure I did," Ash answers smoothly, proud. "Not as difficult as hacking one on Earth, I'm telling you. The angels aren't very creative at building locks, actually."

"Awesome," Dean can't help saying.

"Well, after they got me out," Bobby picks up the telling, "since I'm the only one who had some ghost experience, they just followed me. Whatever cracks Heaven's having, they started like some rifts on the wall, and turned straight into those huge black holes on the ground. We figured they looked ominous, tried to avoid them, but you can't jump them all the time. Sooner or later, you miss, then you fall into the Vail. Boy, the Vail is busier than Times Square this time of the year."

"Since both my place and Bobby's place were burnt down," Ellen finishes for him. "Bobby led us here, the next most familiar and safe place to stay, I suppose."

Bobby glances at Jody quickly, a little uneasy. "Sorry about not giving you a heads up about the guest count."

Jody waves dismissively. "Not like I get to host a spirit party every day, am I right?"

"Holy," Sam sighs, with a long exhale. He reaches a hand to Bobby just out of instinct, as if trying to touch him, hug the old man, but remembers he's a ghost at the last moment -- they all are. He lowers his hand, breathing out heavily.

Dean just can't stop staring. "I'm so sorry, Ellen and Jo. And Ash. Everyone." He can barely find his voice through the lump in his throat. "I never get a chance to tell you guys, those... things happened to you, I'm so sorry."

"Hey, it's okay. At least we made it to Heaven." Jo walks out of the kitchen, coming closer to him, smiling gently. Her translucent golden hair flows naturally as she moves, as if wind can still pass through the threads of hair. She wears a short top, showing some lean muscle under, clean and complete, no sign of any wounds or cuts. She looks just as young and energetic as she was before she died.

Dean can't stop thinking about those Hellhound wounds on her belly the day she and Ellen were gone. The explosion that consumed both of them in big fireballs replays in his head. He turns his gaze away, breathing shallow, trying desperately to hold his tears back. He can't bear looking at all those people they have lost all these years. Like what he was just telling Cas right before they left the bunker -- he had long lost count of how many they have lost, and he totally didn't expect to meet all of them all at once again. He doesn't know what to do, what to say -- he doesn't even dare look at them for too long.

They are ghosts because of one mistake or another they made; they died because of them; their souls fell from Heaven into Vail now, which, is because one thing led to another, and they let the Darkness out and infected angels, so at the end of the day, it's also because of them. Do they have to keep condemning everyone they knew from when they were alive, until long after they were dead?

Dean puts a fist to his mouth, unconsciously starting to choke himself. Just so he can hold back all the thoughts and emotions. He's afraid he might burst into tears if he doesn't leave the room quickly.

"Dean, it's not your fault," Cas whispers beside him, low and quiet, only the two of them can hear. "None of them blame you. They were happy and peaceful in Heaven."

Dean shakes his head, unable to answer. He sobs quietly, remembering the burnt-down Roadhouse ruins and Ash's torched body, the bleeding-out gush on Jo's body, and the gunshot on Bobby's head. He has to excuse himself to the bathroom for a minute just to get composed again.

He stares at his own reflection in the mirror, thinking, *He will not lose any more people in his life. He can't.*

He comes back, standing close to the doorway leading outside, his eyes lingering on Cas. *Not anymore. Not anyone.*

Cas turns and meets his eyes, walking over to stand right next to him.

"We should go back now," Dean whispers to him. "Lucifer. The light. The cure."

Cas nods slightly, whispering back, "What about them?"

"What about them?"

"We can't leave them here with Jody. That would be very inconvenient."

Dean can't help a small, amused huff, quietly answering, "That's one way to put it."

He tilts his head, considering. "What do you think, take them back to the bunker? How can we even bring these many ghosts into the bunker? Not like they have any unfinished business or connected items --"

"They followed Bobby here. Maybe if we show Bobby the way --"

"He can lead the others." Dean's eyes cheer up a little. "You're a genius, Cas."

Cas's lip curls up a small curve.

Dean walks back to the middle of the living room, glancing around him. "Listen, folks, it's been a really nice reunion, but I think it's time we jump back to work again." He points at the ceiling, gesturing, "Patching that cracked eggshell back up."

Bobby frowns. "How are you gonna do that?"

"Upstairs wasn't paradise, but it was decent," Ash says, slowly sitting straight on the sofa. "Most people get to live their happiest memory, Ellen and Jo still got a Roadhouse -- though none of the customers were real. I got to do my own things. But this?" He gestures around him, referring to all the ghosts in the room. "This is something seriously fucked up. And if I have to guess, my money is on you guys knowing something about that."

"So why don't you catch us up, and let's see how we can help?" Ellen nods at Dean, arching an eyebrow.

Dean blinks. "Help?"

"We are still hunters, Sweetheart." Ellen smiles at him.

"And while you're at it, you might want to start with introducing Cas," Jo suggests, jerking her head at the old hunters looking closely in their way. "Some of the folks haven't met him before -- him, or his kind."

Their eyes sweep on Cas, landing expectantly on Dean.

Dean nods faintly, clearing his voice, gesturing at Cas. "Alright, everyone. This is Castiel. He's an Angel of the Lord. We've been working together for years." His finger draws a circle, enclosing himself, Cas, and Sam in it, referring to what "we" really includes. He finds it extraordinarily soothing to just be able to do that.

He glances at Cas and runs right into his eyes. Dean swallows and adds, "He's a close friend, my -- our best friend, really." He lowers his eyes, looking at the tip of his boots. His mind briefly pops a voice, quietly asking if that's the best word he can find to describe Cas, and he tells it, out of habit, *yes it is*. He looks back up at the crowd.

Ellen and Jo smile small, and Bobby nods once. Ash gives Cas a once-over, and the other folks just listen to him intently.

Dean carries on explaining the dying angel situation and the crashing Heaven problem to them. Which turns out to be a way longer explanation and storytelling than he expected. He has to go all the way back to Abaddon to explain the First Blade, then Mark of Cain, then the Darkness, to finally reach the part of explaining what's causing all those angels to die.

And the possible solution with Michael and Lucifer.

"So you are living in a dead secret community's secret base, with a locked-up Devil in it. And you want the Devil to basically willingly self-sacrifice in order to save the whole world and all the remaining angels and the falling souls." Ellen summarizes slowly.

"And by Devil, we're talking about the same Devil we ran into last time with those demons and Hellhounds and the Apocalypse?" Jo adds, eyes straight on Dean.

Dean winces, looking away. "Yes," he admits, tasting a bitterness on his tongue. "And we probably also have to help Lucifer get stronger, more powerful and brighter, to even think of making it work."

Bobby says resolutely, glancing around the crowd, "We should all go to the bunker, then."

Dean nods, "Thinking the same here."

"-- And let the Devil eat us." Bobby finishes.

Dean jumps, "WHAT?!"

Sam and Jody yell at the same time. Cas widens his eyes in surprise.

"You said yourself, we are souls," Ash says plainly, "we are basically energy batteries. Yes or no, Dean, will Lucifer get more powerful after consuming us and eventually help save the world?"

Dean glares at him. "NO!!" he yells, his eye-rims red.

The room falls quiet. They look at him.

He shakes his head, tears in his eyes, devastated.

"With souls gone, you will have nothing left," Cas tells them in a grave voice. "Do you understand? Even after Heaven is restored, you will be nowhere, not even in the Empty. This will be the absolute destruction, the ultimate death. No one can possibly bring you back again."

Ellen nods without any falter. "What's the alternative? Billions of souls fall to Earth, and all continue living as ghosts for eternity? What about the real living people? What kind of life is that?"

"Please don't do this --" Dean pleads, voice shaking. "There must be another way."

"What happens to Hell when Heaven falls completely?" Jo asks suddenly.

They turn to Cas, eyes quietly waiting for an answer.

"I do not know," Cas says, grimacing. "Without the balance of Heaven, depending on the King of Hell, the Gate may open, demons and corrupted souls can escape to the surface, walking among the living, wreaking the Earth."

"The Earth will just become the living Hell," Bobby murmurs.

"So basically, everyone dies, sooner or later, and everywhere is Hell or worse," Ash concludes.

Ellen turns back to Dean, "What do you think? If we can fix that --"

"Ellen," Sam says, choking. "That would mean we'll never see you again. Or you see Bobby, or Jo, or anyone. You'll stop existing."

"I'll go with Mom," Jo says quickly. "Then whatever happens to us next, anywhere or nowhere, we go together."

Ash salutes with two fingers pressed together. "Not a big fan of living as a ghost here, had enough fun running around in Heaven too -- count me in."

Bobby smiles softly. "What's dead should stay dead, right? You'd better prepare a damn well farewell this time."

"No -- Not like this!" Dean stomps, protesting relentlessly. "We don't even know if Lucifer would help. If he decides he doesn't want to do shit, all these sacrifices would just be for nothing. You'll disappear for good, but for nothing! Can't we at least wait until we know for sure there absolutely isn't any other choice, to consider this?" He swallows hard. "If it's up to me, we shouldn't even *think* about that!"

"I agree," Cas resonates, watching his devastated face.

Dean makes a wet sound.

Ash points at Cas with a curled knuckle. "Thought he said you are an angel. Shouldn't you be more supportive of anything that restores the order up there? Saving angels, you know, like saving your brothers and sisters?"

"I do," Cas says serenely. "But not at the cost of losing all of you forever. You are friends of Dean's. Even as ghosts and souls, you are too important to lose. Dean will not allow that to happen, nor will I."

"Same here," Sam agrees.

Ellen and Bobby exchange a look.

"Alright, then," Bobby says, with a small nod. "We try your ways first -- I'm not particularly fond of getting eaten by Satan anyway. First things first, thought you said we are in a bit rush here? Why don't you lead the way home, and we talk more later?"

"Right," Dean wipes his eyes dry, heading outside.

They bid Jody goodbye.

"Next time you need room for some ghost guests, you know who to call." Jody gives them each a hug.

Dean holds her tight. "Thank you," he tells her wholeheartedly.

"I didn't do anything; you did all the talking and leading." Jody smiles warmly, patting his back.

"You don't need to." Dean squeezes her shoulders. "Just, thank you, for everything."

He finally lets her go. "Call us if you need anything. Or anything with the girls --"

"Of course. You too." Jody reassures him with a motherly smile, then waves them goodbye at the porch.

They ride home -- with the ghost of Bobby sharing the back seat with Cas.
