---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death（Chap.3）Rock Never Dies（2）
date: 2025-07-27 19:33
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Dean Winchester", "Castiel", "Sam Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 DCBB
long_novels: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death
---

Dean walks into the kitchen in his favorite dead man's robe, rubbing his eyes while yawning.

"Morning," Sam greets him from on top of a plate of spinach omelet, accompanied by daily news research on his laptop.

Cas is sipping a mug of hot coffee, held in both hands, fully concentrated. His hair is more ruffled than usual, probably from sleeping. Dean gets reminded again that Cas is still recovering from the grace extraction, which makes sleep a necessity and morning temper a fundamental feature.

He regards him fondly, holding back a small smile. "Morning, Sunshine," he says.

"Hello, Dean." Cas doesn't look up, fully occupied by his coffee.

Dean heads directly to the coffee machine. "Any news for today?" he asks, speaking over his back.

"Maybe," Sam answers, pressing a button on his laptop.

Lousy music comes out of the laptop's player. Strong beat, roaring lyrics, the mixed guitar and bass and electricals sound like they would regret their life if not breaking a string or two at the end of each song.

Dean covers his ear with one free hand, grimacing as the metal bombing on his sanity. "What the devil's music is that? Put that crap away, will ya? Since when do you listen to those?"

Sam pauses it mercifully. "That's exactly what I'm thinking -- Devil's music."

"Wait, you mean, literally? Not figure of speech?" Dean lowers the hand covering his ear, walking over to the desk, asking Cas to "Scoop over" so he can sit right in between the two of them and still steal a glance at the laptop.

Sam shows him a page that print out the lyrics of those hideous songs. "So, get this -- there is going to be rock music festival in Los Angeles, presumably the largest one ever held since Live Aid."

"So? It's LA, people do crazy things all the time." Dean squints at the screen, sipping at his coffee.

Cas is about finishing his coffee by then, turning to stare at the same screen with a small frown.

"Yeah, I thought so too, but see what I find in the lyrics." He scrolls the page down a little, pointing at the notes he put together earlier.

Dean reads them out:

*"Down and out as Darkness falls, shakes the Cage in deep withdrawals. Without Darkness there's no light, but he is someone's little boy."*

*"Perdition awaits, my soul is at stake. Will I find a stairway to the skies in the end?"*

*"I've been in Hell for many years, and all the time is lost for me, for eternity. I try to take back what was mine, a prison they have made my mind, my enemy."*

Dean comments: "Okay, the last one especially. That seems just a bit on the nose."

Sam nods, "That's what I thought. They might be onto something. What do you say, let's check out LA?"

Cas says slowly, eyes still on the music screen, "Why would Lucifer start composing and singing songs in a music festival? That doesn't sound very devilish, for one. And no one dies there, which doesn't sound like Lucifer, either."

Sam takes his laptop back, tapping the keyboard to search weird things or unusual death report in LA recently, which doesn't give much result.

Dean shrugs. "I don't know, dude might just want some fun after that big fight with Amara? Too drained to do any killing anymore, so that's just his way of a down time, perhaps? Hell, that's Lucifer we're talking about, who knows what he'd do or wouldn't? I'd send him a basket for not dropping bodies. Anyway, that's the best lead we got so far, I say let's check it out. At the worst, we get some free beer in the festival. You in it with us, Cas?"

Cas nods solemnly. "Of course."

<br>

It's a twenty-hour drive from Lebanon to LA. Dean says he can probably make it fifteen if he rushes through the desert and all those desolate roads that don't have any other cars in sight. And Sam offers to switch driving for him to have a few hours of close-eyes on the shot gun seat. So that saves a lot of time too.

And during the most time of that drive, Cas is either sleeping or rubbing his temple uncomfortably, shifting in the back seat with a frown.

Dean glances at him through the rear mirror from time to time, until he finally can't keep holding his tongue. "You alright there, Cas? Need anything?"

Cas takes his hands away from his temples slowly, just to keep his whole posture still and controlled. "I'm fine," he answers gravely.

Dean squints at him, finding his shoulders strained from the control. The crinkles between the angel's eyebrows are knitted into deep lines from frowning for too long.

"It's the angel radio, isn't it?" he asks, knowingly. "You're still hearing their screaming, and it's bothering you every breathing minute?"

Cas lowers his eyes. "Yes," he says quietly.

Dean watches him closely, voice worried. "You want to tune that down a bit? No need to keep torturing yourself, you know. We are already doing our job. There is nothing you can do."

"I know," Cas says, having to press his temples again just as he answers, Dean imagines that's another terrible wave of deathbed crying upstairs just then. "I can't -- I won't. My brothers and sisters are suffering and dying up there. The least I can do is not to forget that."

"Yeah, not like you can ever forget anything easily just like that," Dean says. What he means is *I hate to see you suffer*, but he doesn't say that. Just presses on the acceleration petal harder, pushing Baby to dash toward LA as fast as she could.
