---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death（Chap.3）Rock Never Dies（8）
date: 2025-07-31 00:30
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Dean Winchester", "Castiel", "Sam Winchester", "Fergus MacLeod/Crowley"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 DCBB
long_novels: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death
---

Sam has narrowed the locations down to a few sites near the shore around Rhode Island and Massachusetts, where there have been demonic sightings recently. He wrote them down in a notepad.

They have to appreciate the fact that there aren't that many deserted hospital facilities around the area -- at least not as many as deserted factories. That's still a long list of a dozen locations which probably will take them at least a day or two, even if they split -- which -- "Still sounds like a terrible idea," says Dean.

"Are you so restless because you're worried we can't find Nick, or because Cas isn't answering your phone?" Sam asks from the other end of the phone.

Dean stares at the road ahead of him, with the seagulls fighting for something in the middle of the road, which is causing a huge traffic jam -- freaking big cities with so many people living in them.

"He hasn't replied to any message or picked up any of the calls since yesterday." Dean tries not to sound like a clingy partner but fails gloriously. "It's not okay. He's not well, and there's Lucifer in the bunker. I should never have left them there."

"He's an adult, an angel, he can --" Sam sighs, cutting himself off. "Forget it, what are you gonna do?"

"Thinking about going back home," Dean answers honestly.

"That's a twenty-six-hour drive," Sam points out reasonably. "You wouldn't be there until tomorrow afternoon, and you can't drive all the time without rest. How far down the list are you now?"

"Halfway through, on my way to Fall River," Dean glances at the scribbled note. "But I'm stuck in Boston now. Traffic is Hell."

"*Hell* is Hell, Dean," Sam says in his patient voice, trying to soothe his brother. "What about you check that one out, then go home, I can take the rest."

Dean is quiet for a moment, then asks, "You sure about that?"

"Not really, I need you here. You know, demons can get nasty. But I get it." Sam sighs again tiredly. "If you think Cas needs you more, then go. It's your call. Gotta make sure he's okay, right?"

Dean considers for a minute, then gives way with a sigh. "You know what, you're right, we should finish this first. It's gonna be a long-ass drive, I'll need my switch driver, and you'll need backup if we do find Crowley's hideout. Might as well stick to the plan, and we can both go home early."

Sam huffs a small, relieved breath. "Sounds good to me."

Dean shifts his attention back to the road and the task at hand, but he finds it so difficult to keep his mind from wandering back to the bunker and the angel from time to time. He hates it when he has to make choices like this.

<br>

Dean knows this is the right place when he drives to it. Spooky decommissioned asylum, fancy gothic style pointy-tip architecture, wandering black-eyed demons patrolling around.

He sends a quick message: "Needham Asylum." And goes in there quietly alone.

The place is like a ghost house in those classic horror movies from the outside, but the inside, surprisingly, is like a neat office building. Black-suits hurry their way from one office to another, with clipboards and printed something in their hands -- he wouldn't have known they were demons if not for their black eyes.

Dean supposes he should have thought about Crowley's preferred style of running things, knowing his fancy little suit and cocktail and everything. He walks down the corridor that has a sign pointing to the principal doctor's office -- it's an easy guess where Crowley would like his fancy throne room to be.

Two security demons at the door try to stop him from entering, and end up being barbecued into burnt meatsuits on the floor, each with an angel blade-shaped hole on their chests. He pushes the door open. Crowley sits on his throne, legs crossed, listening to demons in black suits reporting something about the statistics of crossroad deal numbers -- Dean only catches half a sentence that sounds like "... increase by zero point zero zero three percent."

Crowley sends all the demons out of the room at the sight of Dean, uncrossing his legs, smoothening his suit.

"Squirrel! I didn't hear the doorbell! You should have sent a card in advance," Crowley says cheerfully, pitch higher than usual.

"You hung up on me last time. Figured I'd have to make it formal." Dean deadpans, spinning the blade in his fingers.

Crowley eyes it warily. "How did you find me? And where are Moose and Feathers?"

"Took us some effort, but you didn't hide as well as you think," Dean answers flatly. "So we're having small talks now? Why don't you give me a tour around here and point me to where you stashed Nick's body?"

Crowley regards him for a second, takes another two seconds to consider, then walks down from the throne with a bright smile. "Sure, no problem. This way."

Dean stares at the back of his head watchfully. "What, just like that?"

"Just like that," Crowley says, pushing open the wall covered by the bookshelf, which spins open to reveal a hidden chamber. "What can I say, I'm a nice person."

Dean snorts once, too tired to mock, just following him inside, two steps behind. He holds the blade closer, just in case.

He knows immediately this must be the chamber that Sarah, the ghost lady, sensed from all those miles away. The air is damp and salty, smelling of must and mold. A dirty, tiny window sits near the high ceiling, letting some faint light in. In the middle of the room, on a metal chair, chains the body of Nick. Iron chains tie his hands and feet to the floor, another one winding around his neck like a leash.

The body is well preserved, as it seems. All the flesh and blood look as healthy and complete as when the human was still alive, no sign of degrading from being dead for seven years. Dean takes a step closer, noticing the body is not just lying there lifelessly. His chest rises and falls as if the man is just deep in sleep or a coma.

"What's this, your kinky personal project?" Dean turns to stare at Crowley. "Is the guy still alive?"

"I wouldn't go that far to call it 'alive'." Crowley walks around the chained body, examining it carefully, smiling pleasantly. "Just got a demon inside. Keeps the body fresh. Otherwise, it's just a pile of dead meat; it smells after three days. You have no idea how long it took to get everything done."

"What everything?" Dean's eyes follow Crowley's move, shifting between the demon and the body.

Crowley looks up at him, looking rather proud of himself. "It turns out you can actually learn a thing or two from a three-hundred-year-old witch, who happened to be your mother. Took me a while, but I finally figured out how to decode most of the Cage's lock magic and runes, and have them all transferred to this body, carved into every bone, every blood, every molecule of every cell. The Devil can live in that body just like he did in the Cage, but he's gonna be my little bitch." He grits his teeth satisfyingly as if he's already imagining chewing the Devil between them.

Realization dawns on Dean. "So that's your plan when we ran into you and Rowena in LA. You were about to cast him into this body and have your little moment of revenge."

Crowley shrugs, then glares at him with a grudge. "Then you lot just *had to* show up and ruin the day for us, didn't you? Mother and I had him under control."

"You and Rowena would be dead if we weren't there!" Dean protests.

"We were almost dead *because of* you!" Crowley growls.

"Alright, why don't we all calm down and take a step back? No one is blaming anyone." Sam arrives right on time. Dean doesn't even hear him coming, figuring it must be their voices that point him where to look.

"Moose," Crowley squints at him. "Aren't you always the peacemaker? I was just trying to tell your brother how helpful I was!"

"Yes you were, and we are grateful for that. Now, would you mind doing us another favor of loaning Nick's body? We want the same thing here, anyway, right? Lucifer in that body, and you got the controller, I assume?" Sam says smoothly. "We'll need to borrow the remote too, if you don't mind."

Crowley seems to be pleased, smiling like a cat tasting butter. "You promised to give him back, right? I got a buckload of things I'd like to try there, start with hopping on one foot and dancing with one hand touching his nose."

Dean rolls his eyes impatiently. "Yes, you can have all the fun once we're done with him. Now, the body, please? We don't have all day here."

They load Nick's body into the trunk of the Impala, hidden inside a sackbag as if it's just a large bag of potatoes. The demon inside stays in there, part of the buy-one-get-one-for-free deal, as Crowley says. With the iron chains still wrapped around the body and the demon-proof sigil in the trunk, the demon can't get anywhere anyway. And with all the spell work and runes, the demon doesn't wake up however rough they haul and drag the body. Dean thinks it's fine then, they can handle a punch-the-clock demon even if he gets inside the bunker and gets loose.

They leave Crowley's place hastily.
