---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death（Chap.5）The Winchesters（1）
date: 2025-08-09 23:29
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Dean Winchester", "Castiel", "Sam Winchester", "Missouri Moseley", "John Winchester", "Mary Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 DCBB
long_novels: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death
---

(**Small warning before chapter:** A little bit touch of John Winchester's A+ parenting and homophobic, not the main focus.)

<br>

Dean is about finishing up a phone call when Sam finds him.

He's in the hallway just outside Cas's room, frowning at the ground, pacing with his phone to his ear, speaking in a quiet voice. The door is ajar, with a thin slit of opening. The orange light from the hallway seeps into the dark room.

"Thank you," he says to the other end wholeheartedly, his voice caught. Almost like the moment they went into Jody's house. He finishes the call with "We're on our way," and slips the phone back into his pocket. He turns around, almost running right into his brother.

Sam dashes to him, stomping down the hallway. "Dean! I got news!" he rushes breathlessly.

"Shhh! Lower your voice," Dean grits his teeth, tilting his head to the unlatched door, reaching to pull it closer. "Cas is sleeping. I got news, too. You first."

Sam gives a guilty glance toward the door, moving a few steps away from it, speaking in a lowered, tight voice, "I think Mom and Dad's souls also fell to the Earth." He gives a gesture that's meant to point to the war room where all the others are staying. "You know, since Heaven is cracking up, and I'm pretty sure they were both there before. Bobby and those others came down; they must also be here somewhere. We need to find them."

"And I know exactly where they are." Dean smiles tight at him, jerking his chin toward the phone now in his pocket. "That's Missouri."

"Wait, Missouri Moseley? Oh wow, that must have been, what, ten years now? Since the last time we met her." Sam raises his eyebrows in surprise.

"Yeah, I know." Dean rubs his nose, leaning tiredly onto the opposite side of the wall. "Right after I picked you up from school and told you Dad went missing on a hunting trip. It's like a lifetime ago."

Sam lets out a breath. "What did she say?"

"Apparently when Mom and Dad dropped from Heaven, they went straight to our old house. But they couldn't, because we taught that woman living in our house, Jenny, too well last time, and the house was protected by salt lines and irons and sigils all over the place. So they were just drifting outside the house, a couple of unharmful white misty ghosts, and Missouri noticed. She invited them over to her place and dropped us a dime."

"I don't know she's still keeping an eye on our old house, after all these years." Sam shakes his head in disbelief.

"Neither do I," Dean says, staring at the loosely closed door in front of him, but his eyes unfocused. His fingers rub each other mindlessly. "I'm just so freaking glad she did."

"We should go then." Cas pulls open the door, chiming in. He isn't wearing his trench coat or suit, and his shirt is a little rumpled. So is his hair. He rubs his eyes with a tight yawn. "Sorry, I didn't mean to eavesdrop, but you *are* right outside my door, and the wall is thin."

"Sorry," Dean murmurs quickly, shooting him an apologetic look.

Cas returns with a small smile and another yawn. "It's okay."

Sam looks from Dean to Cas, then checks his watch. "We should, but perhaps not tonight? It's late. I'm sure all of us are toasted already. Mom and Dad have been gone for ten years; surely they could wait for another day to see us."

They did just come back from picking up a group of old hunter ghosts. It's been a long day. Meeting their parents is only going to make it so much longer.

"Maybe they can, but I can't." Dean shifts away from the wall, fishing out the car keys, fiddling them between his fingers. "I wouldn't get any sleep anyway if I don't go, knowing they're already here, just three hours away. It's been ten years, Sammy."

"Yeah," Sam agrees, ducking his head in thought. "And it's the first time we gotta meet Mom and Dad together. You knew what it's like when you were young, I don't." His lips twitch, torn between a smile and a grimace. He doesn't know how to feel exactly. Mom and Dad together, and with Dean and him, that's a whole complete family -- that's something he never thought he'd see one day, not before his time is due and he goes into Heaven. And now, the idea almost intimidates him.

Dean nods in understanding, managing to put a faint smile on his lips, a comfort for his brother. "Already told Missouri we're on our way, anyway."

He starts moving down the hallway toward the garage, gesturing for Cas to follow them. "Grab your coat."

Sam hesitates. "Uh, Dean?" his voice sounds strange.

Dean looks back at him. "What?"

Sam ducks his head in Cas's direction, the move subtle. "You sure it's a good idea?"

Dean glances reflexively at the angel, raising his eyebrows. "Why?"

Sam swallows. "I don't want to be a dick, but... it's going to be a family moment."

"Cas is family, what's the problem?" Dean rolls his eyes.

"Dad might not see it that way," Sam says quietly, swallowing again, struggling to get words out. "You know how he was. He might be... not very happy about it."

"I'll deal with Dad. He's a ghost, he doesn't get a vote -- if he's unhappy, cope with it." Dean insists harshly. "Cas is coming."

Sam glances at Cas with a guilty look. "I didn't mean to, uh, you know..." he struggles with words awkwardly.

"I understand," Cas answers, frowning slightly, looking from Sam to Dean, meeting Dean's expectant eyes.

Dean waits for him.

Cas continues with a low voice, "It sounds improper for me to be on this trip." His feet shift the direction slightly, as if he's about to go back into his room. "I will leave you with your family alone."

"Cas!" Dean calls him sharply, moving back to land a hand on his shoulder, lowering his voice. "I didn't forget so quickly what you just told me. You come with us." There is an undefiable resolve in his voice. Then, even quieter, only the two of them can hear, "Don't make me have to watch you cough blood or dying again. Please."

Cas nods small. "Okay," he says quietly.

They move to the garage.

The car heads east under a starry sky.

<br>

It's a short drive. Two hours is barely enough to keep the mind ready, and the psychic's house is already in view.

The town is fast asleep in the past-midnight hours. They are the only car on the road, and Missouri's house is the only one with lights on in the block.

Dean parks in front of the building.

Lawrence, Kansas, looks barely changed from the last time they were there, and so does Missouri.

"Come on in," she gestures the way through the hallway after giving them each a pat on the arm.

Dean glances back at Sam and Cas quickly, palpable anxiety rising in the air like bubbles on a boiling surface, almost tangible. He follows her, and the other two follow him.

The living room is a few degrees colder than the rest of the house, even with the lit candles at the edge of the walls. Dean realizes the lights they saw from outside through the curtains are actually the flickering candle lights.

"That should help them stabilize," Missouri knows exactly what they want to ask, nodding at the candles and the pattern they connect. There are sigils written on the floor and walls, too. "A ritual I learned, connecting the spirits with our physical world. It helps them to stay grounded, connected to the things and people they care about most -- you boys."

Sam gives her a tight, sincere smile and a quiet "Thank you."

"I'll leave you boys to it then." Missouri takes a step to the side once they're at the threshold to the living room. "Call me if you need anything. I'll be on the second floor."

Dean nods dumbly, eyes can't tear away from the figures sitting on the sofa.

There, in the center of the sofa, John and Mary sit side by side, with their hands braided together, looking like one of his old family photos. Except without a cradled baby and a preschooler between them.

They look solid. Real.

"Mom. Dad." Dean husks, closing the remaining distance between them in quick steps.

"Hey Dean," John looks him up and down with a tight smile.

"Sam," Mary says, eyes on her younger boy. She wears a long floral dress, which looks ordinary but beautiful on her.

Rims of eyes turning red, Sam stares at both of them without a word. He moves after Dean, now standing right before them.

Cas stays at the entrance.

"Look at you. Look at both of you," Mary says, shifting her eyes from Sam to Dean. Her eyes are both so sad and so happy. She blinks fast. Her eyes would have been filled with tears if she had a body, Dean realizes.

Mary glances at John, turning back to the boys. "One minute you were still both kids, and the next, we are here, and you are all grown men now. I can't believe it's real. What happened?"

"You were in Heaven --" Sam chokes out.

"I guessed so. Living our best memories," Mary answers, her smile grows slightly wider. "We were about to go to the movies together, do you remember that?"

"Slaughterhouse Five," Dean nods small, stifling a quiet sobbing sound. "The movie you and Dad watched so many times, and we just couldn't miss it when it was re-released."

"That's right," Mary smiles gently.

Sam droops his eyes. He was too young to remember anything back then.

"I was driving us to the theater, and a big black hole showed up from nowhere in the middle of the road. I couldn't stop in time, so we all went in and ended up outside our old house." John tells them, frowning. "What's happening? Something happened to Heaven? Or is it just us?"

"Not just you. Heaven and angels were in trouble." Dean wipes his eyes carelessly, sitting down on the armchair opposite the tea table. Sam sits on the armrest.

Dean starts telling them about the angels' critical situations and the crumbling of Heaven.

"Angels are real?" Mary and John ask at the same time.

Dean huffs a small laugh. "Yeah, very. Angel with a capital 'A', you know, wings, halo, harp... In fact, speaking of, we got ourselves an angel buddy watching over us all this time."

He turns to his back, expecting to see Cas standing right behind him, but he's not here. Dean looks around the room in confusion and finds Cas still staying stiffly by the entrance, just watching them with careful eyes -- mostly watching him, it seems. Their eyes meet, and Dean asks silently through his eyes, *What are you doing there? Come over here.*

Cas just stares back stoically.

Dean has to make a big gesture to wave him over.

"Mom, Dad, this is Castiel, Angel of the Lord. Cas, my parents." Dean looks between them nervously.

Cas walks into the room slowly. "Hello," he says with his low voice. Meeting Dean's encouraging eyes, he adds a clarification, "I -- don't actually have a harp."

Mary widens her eyes. "Are you... actually watching over them? I mean, when I told them angels were watching over them, I didn't actually know..." She stops herself as if she's afraid she had said something offensive to the angel. She shifts and glances at Dean, instead, "Do you remember? I'd told you that every night before you go to sleep. That's the only way to make you not afraid of the dark."

Dean's smile brightens a degree. "Never forgot, never will." He looks up at Cas as the angel walks to the side of the chair and puts a hand on the back of Cas's trench coat fondly. "Yeah, he watched over us, saved me, saved the whole world a couple of times. Doing that like an everyday job."

"You saved me many times, too, Dean," Cas answers earnestly.

John narrows his eyes. "Is that why you want to save the angels? Cure them of that disease that none of us really know much about? Because you have an angel *buddy* now?" He presses on the word "buddy" hard as if biting the word.

Dean runs his tongue over his dry lips. "I guess."

John glances at Cas, looking him up and down, taking him in fully, his eyes lingering on Dean's hand. Dean takes his hand back uneasily, left hand rubbing the right, as if it just got burned.

"And why would an angel save you?" John frowns, asking slowly.

Sam squirms uncomfortably from where he sits. "Mom, Dad, it's already too late in the night now. Dean and I were exhausted, and we probably shouldn't continue disturbing Missouri. Why don't we go get some rest, and we'll catch you up on everything later?"

Dean shoots him a quick look.

John doesn't move.

Castiel speaks before Dean can. He straightens his standing, saying with a solemn voice, even lower than usual, bordering on anger. "Because he deserves to be saved."

Dean shivers. It's the same voice that told him, "I'm the one who gripped you tight and raised you from perdition," the same voice that asked him, "What's the matter? You don't think you deserve to be saved?", and that "Good things do happen."

He glances at Cas, finding his eyes glaring at John with a hint of rage. Dean swallows. "Cas --" he tries, but the angel hasn't finished yet.

Castiel continues, the weight of his words pressed heavily into the air, "Unlike what you might be thinking, John Winchester, both your sons deserve saving. It is unfair of you to burden the salvation of your younger son on the shoulders of your firstborn, nor is your absence in their upbringing."

"Cas!" Dean raises his voice, lifting a hand to squeeze Cas's forearm warningly, trying to stop him. His throat is so tight and dry. He glances at John nervously, watching his face turn colors.

Castiel turns to catch him in the eyes, but he's still speaking to John. His tone is quieter now as his eyes turn gentler. "They deserve to be protected, cared for, loved, and saved, without requiring a reason."

"I take it you're doing all those for them?" John says in a hoarse voice.

"I try my best." Cas nods proudly with his chin high, and then turns back to John: "It should have been you."

John takes a breath as if trying to answer with something, but Mary puts her free hand on his shoulder, stopping him. Mary looks at Cas, pulling a sad smile, and says genuinely, "Thank you, Castiel, for taking care of our boys while we were gone. We owe you."

Dean makes a surprised sound. Sam blinks rapidly.

Cas's tight stance relaxes a little.

"That's, not necessary," Cas answers slowly, the lines on his face softening. "You don't owe me anything, Mary. None of you do. Your sons already gave me more than I could ever ask for."

"And what's that?" John prompts sharply.

"Dean and I --" Cas pauses, turning to him.

Dean's breath catches in the throat.

"-- are family," Cas finishes. "And Sam, too."

He turns back to look at John, eyeing him almost challengingly.

Dean swallows again, waiting. Sam nods supportively.

John scrutinizes the three of them closely, from Cas to Dean, then to Sam, and at last back to Dean. The look in his eyes changes the longer he searches their faces. All of them wait for him, Mary too.

Eventually, John says slowly, "I see now why you brought the angel with you when you came to meet your mother and me, to our *family* reunion."

Dean smiles narrowly. "That's right."

"Is he as important to you as us?" John uses his free hand to draw a circle in the air, gesturing to Sam, Mary, and himself.

"Yes, Sir." Dean nods without hesitation.

John lets out a short breath. "Alright, then."

Dean blinks. "... Alright?"

John shrugs slightly. "It's fine to have him around, I guess. And to save the angels and Heaven or whatever. What else do you want me to say? You wanna ask me to walk you down the aisle?" He gives Cas a quick glimpse again.

Dean blushes fiercely, stuttering. "No, no -- that's not what I mean. That's not what we --" he throws a quick glance at Cas, flustered. Cas is unmoved, not showing any reaction, just watching him quietly. Dean has to take a breath before finishing the sentence, "-- we are not... *that*."

"Good," John answers, a little too quickly.

"John!" Mary gives him a glare, tone scolding. She turns to tell Dean, "But even if you do, or, I don't know, if you ever want to talk about it, or anything else, I want you to know, you can. I'm your mother, after all, and I would like to know."

She looks at Cas next, and tells him kindly, "I'm glad to meet you, Castiel. Even though we haven't known each other for long, knowing how important you are to Dean -- and Sam -- I would be happy to know you more. Welcome to the family."

Dean blushes harder, hearing his brother breathe out a very quiet, awed "wow". He closes his eyes and runs a hand over his face to keep it cool and straight, then opens his eyes again. Keeping his voice light, he says, "Right, yeah, thanks, Mom."

"Of course," Mary answers easily.

"This is so not what I expected for our family reunion," Dean whispers under his breath, so quiet only Sam and Cas can hear.

Sam stifles a laugh in his throat. Cas hums softly.

They stay in wordless silence for a few beats. Only their eyes are talking. Mary's eyes look as if they just can't stop staring at the boys with fascination.

"What now?" John speaks again, breaking the comfortable quietness. "Mary and I stay as ghosts, or you actually have some plan for the next step?"

Right, world-saving back on track again, he almost forgot about it with Mom and Dad here, especially with them looking solid and real enough and having this difficult conversation that goes so much better than he expected. He's distracted. Dean thinks. They still have enough problems that need fixing, but he's already too tired to even sit straight, let alone think.

Dean glances in the direction of the living room exit and the stairs leading to the second floor. He asks Sam, "You think Missouri would be fine if we borrow her guest room for the night?"

"Not much of a night left anyway," Sam answers with a nod.
