---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death（Chap.7）You're Up, Dr. Phil（1）
date: 2025-08-11 19:06
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Dean Winchester", "Castiel"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 DCBB
long_novels: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death
---

"You know he won't puff out if you take your eyes away from him for a second, right?" Sam observes them through the rear mirror for the hundredth time, finally can't resist himself.

Dean doesn't react.

"Are those two like... you know?" Charlie makes a vague gesture with her hands. "What's their deal?"

Sam chuckles slightly. "Yeah, no -- I don't know. You'll have to ask them once they're come to."

Charlie considers briefly, voice light, "I'll take that as a yes then, since neither of them are capable of denying."

"I'm right here, you know," Dean chimes in suddenly, tearing his eyes away from Cas for the first time since they got in the car.

"Oh, there he is. Welcome back, Dean." Sam glances at him cautiously. "Charlie told me what happened back there."

"The freaking demon part or the part where Cas is an idiot?" Dean says flatly.

Sam rolls his eyes. "He saved your life! Both your lives! Again!"

"The idiot part then," Dean says casually.

Sam gives him a look through the mirror.

Dean glares right back at him in the reflection, frowning. "What's taking you so long? It's like ten minutes from bunker."

He remembers to look outside the car only then. They are definitely more than ten minutes away from bunker now. The deserted road is still vaguely Lebanon, but they are taking a hell of a detour.

Sam sighs. "Demons are everywhere. Had to take detours. You remember Baby isn't exactly demon-proof, right?"

"The trunk is," Dean answers quickly.

"They're not exactly attacking from *inside* the trunk." Sam says sourly. "You have any idea how many demons Mom and Dad must have pissed?"

Dean shrugs slightly, taking a second to consider. "Probably as many as us, if not more."

"Exactly." Sam nods.

Now that Sam mentioned, Dean finally notices his brother isn't exactly in the best shape, nor is Baby. The right side of the car has a major sunken in the door metal from front to the back. The passenger seat side of the window has a large spiderweb-shaped crack, though the glass still managed to stay roughly together. Sam has quite a number of purple and black bruises on his forehead and jaw.

Dean takes them in, asking slowly. "Are Mom and Dad okay?"

"Yeah, yeah, they're fine. I had to sneak in and out from garage door though, they barricaded the front door." Sam answers hastily. "Everyone in the bunker are fine as long as bunker's demon-proof sigils stand."

Dean frowns at him. "Is that why did Bobby call? Or Ash, I guess."

Sam blinks, also frowning slightly. "The haunted phone call? I'm not sure."

Charlie clears her throat, raising her hand awkwardly. "That's me, actually."

She meets their eyes, adding quickly. "That's before I knew those demons were also after you, Dean. I wouldn't have done that if I knew."

Dean gives her a funny look. "You are the one giving me a *haunted* phone call? How did you even do that?"

Charlie shrugs slightly. "Ghosts are electromagnetic waves, phones are electronics. I found a lost phone out there, I tried to affect its electromagnetic fields, and it worked."

Sam chuckles. "You are a genius."

Charlie smiles. "I know."

Dean says, "Ash would so like to learn about that."

"Who's Ash?" Charlie asks curiously.

Sam simply tells her, "I'm sure you two are going to have so much to chat about."

Charlie starts asking about other temporary ghosting residents in the bunker and Sam tries his best to give a brief introduction for everyone for her.

Dean zooms out again, finding his mind wandering all the way back to the moment Cas yell over the demon shrieks and stare at him so desperately as if looking directly into his soul.

*Come to me. Possess me. I'm okay with it!*

*No!*

*Why not!*

*Because I'm infected!*

Dean closes his eyes, his hands rounding around Cas's shoulder, holding him closer. Cas's body feels so fragile under his touch, light like a paper, pale and thin. He can't even tell how much of an angel is left in that exhausted body.

*I love you. We all love you.*

*Charlie is right. We all do.*

*Goodbye, Dean.*

Dean finds his mind wander all the way down to the Cage by the time they pull into bunker's garage.

<br>

The bunker is bustling like the busiest morning-hour farmer's market. Spirits of their family and friends gather around as they rush in.

Dean carries Cas to his own room -- his room has better memory foam mattress, his mind reasons -- and takes off his shoes and coat to let him lie down in a comfortable posture.

"What happened?" Bobby asks, standing by the door of his room, concerned.

Dean is too busy tucking Cas under the cover to answer, but his move freezes when he takes Cas's hands. He calls behind him in a tight, devastated voice without looking back: "Sammy!"

Sam rushes to him.

"We have to talk," Dean says shakily, showing him the angel's palms. There, on all the fingertips, the skin starts to have a darker color, like a black muddy coating spreading from the top toward the palm. Almost like when one puts their hands in a muddy pond and comes out dirty.

Sam inhales sharply. Looking from the angel on the bed to his brother, he stutters, "Is he infected?"

Dean nods mutedly.

"I didn't know..." Sam murmurs, studying Dean's face. "How long have you known? Forget about that, do you know how long he get?"

Dean clutches Cas's hands in his like it's his last floating plank before drowning. "Probably as much as any other angels. Days, hours, I don't know." He wipes his eyes roughly with the back of his hands. "He said the process is slower if I'm close."

"How? I thought he was warded last time by Lucifer."

"I think it's the time he went to Heaven after hearing their stress call." Dean looks back at Cas's face. The angel looks like he's just deep asleep. "The trip that almost killed him is actually killing him. I told him not to go. I told you, you idiot." He snaps directly at Cas now.

"Dean," Sam wipes his face with a hand. "What are we going to do?"

"Michael," Dean lets out one single word.

"Thought you said we'd only do that when there's no other option." Sam breathes heavily.

Dean looks up at him from his kneeling position at the bedside, his eye rims red. "There is no other option. Whatever it takes, I'm not letting him die. You hear me? Whatever it takes."

"Okay, okay," Sam steadies his breath, thinking quickly. "I'll get the car ready and give Rowena a heads up we're on our way. Crowley, too. Can't believe we're going to Hell again."

He fumbles for his phone, taking large steps toward the door.

Dean doesn't shift from his position.

Sam pauses. "Dean? You coming?"

Dean keeps his head low, pressed on the hands he's holding, voice low and struggling. "He feels better when I'm around."

Now even Sam remembers last time they went away, when they were at Jody's, Cas almost didn't make it. They all thought it was Lucifer did something -- what if it's not. He only looked better after Dean spent the night with him.

Sam swallows, voice tight, "But I can't deal with Crowley and Rowena alone, Dean. And Michael, and everything happening out there with ghosts and demons. I need you."

"I know," Dean answers, torn apart. His heart clenches so hard that the breathing alone aches so much it's killing him.

Of all his life, moments like this are the ones scare him the most. He'd rather kill himself before having to choose between his brother and his angel. He would give anything to not have to give an answer.

But Sam's waiting.

Dean forces his throat to move, "I'm sorry, Sam. I'm afraid you'll have to manage it alone this time."

"Maybe not," Charlie's voice chimes in. "What about *we* go with him?"
