---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death（Chap.8）On the Crossroad（1）
date: 2025-10-26 15:05
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Dean Winchester", "Castiel", "Sam Winchester", "Michael", "Lucifer"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 DCBB
long_novels: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death
---

Lights explode in the bunker. Lightning tears apart the air in the room, frying through the electricity lines, crawling across the control station and the sigils on the walls like a living cobweb made of light and electricity. Thunders shake the ground, so loud and rumbling that it can crack open the bricks.

The shadow of archangel wings cast onto them, high and huge, like the black curtain of the night sky itself. Lucifer stretches his shoulder, turning his arms around comfortably, twisting them around as if his true form is crawling out through the skin, like a man trying to fit a foot more comfortably in a small shoe. The air is filled with buzzing and hissing electricity, making the hairs on the skin stand.

Dean feels his brain slowing down in processing reality, in the face of upcoming death. *There is no way out this time.* His mind says distantly. *Congratulations, their plan is finally gonna get everyone and everything in the universe killed. Well done.*

*His life ends up a huge failure, after all. He tried so hard, but in the end, it still doesn't matter. He can't save anyone.*

Disappointment drowns him before death could.

Maybe it's a good thing then, to die before he can make any bigger mistakes -- as if, there *is* any bigger mistake he can possibly make.

His chest becomes too tight to breathe. Dean doesn't know if it's because of Lucifer or his own doing.

But then, that drowning feeling clenching his chest eases. The frying electricity over his skin fades too. He feels a subtle cover of warmth and safety surround him, wrapping him, cradling him, holding him in a safety pod. The air around him shifts.

Reflexively, Dean turns to look at Cas.

Castiel has his eyes shut, frowning so deeply his whole face is crumpled. His shoulders are hunched. The light from him is so dim compared to Lucifer's, but it's still there. And in the combination of their light, Dean can see it now. He can see it so vividly that it horrifies him.

He sees dark shadow curling inside Cas's light, but Cas is still trying so hard to stretch his wings out, covering him and Sam. His wings, oh God, they are so battered, so broken, barely the wing bones keeping the shape. The black shadows of feathers are still dropping and falling just as he watches. None of them is physical, but from the shadows, he can see those feathers fall on him. He reaches to his back reflexively, trying to catch them, touch them. Those are Cas's. For once, he wants to touch him so desperately, to feel his feathers between his fingers. But all he can feel is just the air.

Dean stares at the angel, wordless. The angel that is his best friend. The angel that saved him from Hell, and saved him so many more times. The angel, who *knew* the archangels can and will and has killed him as simply as snapping a finger, would still do everything, absolutely everything he can, to save Dean, to protect Dean, to have his wings cover Dean, however burned and broken they are, however sick and dying he is. He'd do anything and everything for him.

Dean forgets about Michael and Lucifer completely.

At the moment of death, Dean finds his mind drift away from the crumbling Heaven, from the endangered angels, the falling souls, the archangels that are about to destroy the world or just let the world destroy itself. He finds his mind wandering out, and circling around Cas. Cas only.

He should have helped Cas fix his wings. He should have asked if Cas misses flying, if he misses home. He should have told Cas about his dream and what he did, and that he would really like to do it again in the real world. He should have asked what Cas dreamed about, what Cas is thinking every time he falls quiet. He realizes, he should have talked to Cas about so many things, but they never did.

All they ever do is just be there together, hang out together, hunt together, save the world, or save each other together. Always be there, but -- that's all they ever have, that's all they've ever tried, and that's all they'll ever have.

And he remembers -- it feels so long ago now, and he remembers when he set out on the suicide mission of assassinating Amara, that eve of his Death, Cas told him, "I could go with you."

He meant to come back and ask him why he said that. When they embraced the reunion and celebrated the victory. He really was thinking that, when they were drinking late that night. He remembers thinking to himself, he'd ask once he finished that glass of drink in his hand. And then he always reached for the next glass, thinking he'd do that after that one.

*Why doesn't he say anything?*

Because he's a coward.

*Why doesn't he do anything?*

Because he's an idiot.

There are things that should have been done.

There are words that should have been said.

Dean looks at Cas's broken wings, in the menace of an archangel's wraith that could biblically destroy one-third of the world, instead, thinking, *Cas is beautiful. His true form and his wings are breathtaking.* They're broken, yes, but they're still so astounding, so unbelievable, so bright and beautiful. Because they're Cas's.

But --

*Everything has a price.*

*How much are you willing to pay for the angel, Dean?*

*Your life? Someone else's life? The world? Or nothing at all?*

*Aren't you the most hypocritical man in the world, Dean?*

Dean swallows hard, and pushes Cas aside. That thin layer of warm feeling slides away, exposing him to Lucifer's blinding light.

Dean stands straight, talking to Michael and Lucifer directly. Not wincing at the light, not blinking.

He says: "Yes."

<br>

"What?" Lucifer pauses his hand rising above his head. His bloody red eyes blink in confusion.

"NO, DEAN!" Cas yells, desperate. "Don't do this!"

Sam gasps loudly, the sound of air pulsing into his lungs vibrating through him.

And Michael, finally stirred from his stoic stance, raising a stopping hand at Lucifer, then turning to Dean. He stares into his soul, and asks, "What did you say?"

Dean meets his eyes straight on. "I said Yes, you son of a bitch."

"And why would you do that?" Still incredulously, Michael gestures for Lucifer to dim his power display, who obeys with a grudging pout. He turns to Dean fully with skeptical eyes.

"Don't mind me. Don't you want your sword or favorite meatsuit or whatever, angel condom handy in your two-men's eternal honeymoon?" Dean takes a step forward, closing his distance with Michael.

Cas makes a desperate sound behind him, almost like a sobbing. Dean forces his head not to turn back to glance at Cas.

"And you would do that?" Michael cocks his head, scrutinizing his face, probably trying to find a hint of a trick.

Dean replies with a bright smile, almost relieved, now that he has made up his mind. "Call me the worst Russian Roulette player. I like my chance, as long as I'm on the table."

"You're thinking you can take over the control," Michael realizes, nodding with a gloat. "Sam wins over Lucifer once, and now you want to fight me?"

Dean shrugs slightly. "What do you say? You have nothing to lose, except walking in a better pair of shoes for all the remaining eternity, if you're so confident."

"Deal." Michael smiles.

"One small problem," Lucifer cuts in with a raised hand, like he's a good student in a class with a question. "What about me?"

His eyes linger on Sam as he asks. "I want my sword too, and my new shoes, and my big angel condom, as you say. Sammy, I'm looking at you."

Sam breathes heavily, looking from Lucifer to Dean. Dean meets his eyes, pleading silently.

"Dean, what are you doing?" Sam whispers urgently.

Dean lowers his head, mouthing back, "Saving Cas. It's the only way. It can save everyone, too. But this will only work if both of us say 'Yes' and win. Sammy, please."

Cas hisses, "Dean, don't! I made so many mistakes just like that, thinking I was saving you. Don't do it just to save me."

Dean smiles at him. "They're not mistakes. I should have done it, too. All those other times when I didn't choose you over something else, I should. I'm not choosing them, I'm choosing you."

Cas is desperate, "I didn't ask for you to do any of this. I didn't ask for anything in return from you. I never would."

"You don't need to, I offered." Dean comforts him.

"And Sam's life, too? You can't possibly ask this of him." Cas argues.

He didn't say it, but Dean reads from his eyes a silent *"We both know you would never choose Sam over me."* It pains Dean so much. It pains him even more to know this has always been right. He looks at Sam, a silent *"Please"* passing between them.

Sam huffs a short laugh when he makes up his mind, too. He tells Cas, "He doesn't need to. Dean's right, you're family, we do everything for our family, whatever it takes."

Dean lets out a relieved sigh, squeezing Cas's shoulder, "Hey, don't be a damper. We might win, you know. Sammy beats Lucifer once, who said we can't do it again. Both of us, together."

"Michael and Lucifer won't allow a second time; it's near zero chance." Tears start gathering in Cas's eyes.

"Near zero, not absolute zero." Sam's lips twitch slightly into a small curve. "We still have a chance. Good enough for me."

Dean's hand slides from Cas's shoulder along his arms, patting his hands, staying there for too long without moving away. He manages an easy smile, too. "Don't worry, everything will be fine. Just take a nap, we'll probably be back before you know it. With everything fixed and you a brand new angel."

"Or you can be gone for good, completely burned out by the archangels; they get their strongest power from their true vessels, and they will be able to destroy the universe before the universe ends itself. We don't even get to meet in the afterlife, because there won't be any Heaven left." Cas says, devastated.

"Let's... let's not think about that for now, okay?" Dean stutters briefly. "Besides, I heard Heaven isn't exactly a paradise with lullaby. Don't think I'm a big fan anyway."

Their hands touch for a few more moments. They just look at each other in silence in that quiet long seconds, as if to brand the image of each other into their heads one last time.

"Alright," Dean takes his hand back, turning to Sam again. "You ready?"

Sam nods, and turns to Lucifer, "Yes from me, too, you bastard. Come on in."

Lucifer grins widely. "Finally!"

The two archangels exchange a surprised but victorious look, and bright angelic grace starts pouring out of Adam and Nick's bodies. Their bodies drop to the floor with a thump. The room is filled with high-pitched angel shrieks again.

Cas murmurs quietly behind the two brothers, "Come back. Come back to me, please."

Dean hears it, but he forces himself not to look back again. He demands his head to stay forward, his eyes to stay on Michael's light. He's afraid, if he did, if he turned back to see the broken, desperate look in Cas's eyes one more time, he might not have the courage to jump off the cliff again.

Dean walks into the center of the archangel swirl. Sam is right next to him.
