---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death（Chap.7）You're Up, Dr. Phil（5）
date: 2025-10-26 13:11
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Dean Winchester", "Castiel", "Sam Winchester", "Michael", "Lucifer", "Adam Milligan"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文", "micifer", "midam"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 DCBB
long_novels: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death
---

They sit across the table, staring at an archangel who's gulping at a piece of pizza.

A piece of pizza that isn't even good, coming directly from frozen pizza.

There is already a pile of empty pizza boxes stacked on the counter.

Dean watches him, not sure if he should frown or amuse, so his face is twitching between the two. Sam has both his eyebrows raised high. Cas stares at him with narrowed eyes.

"... Adam?" Dean chances.

The kid looks up, with a bright look on his face, looking... happy. "This is so good," Adam answers. His voice is young, just as young as seven years when they first saw him.

He was nineteen then, and he's still nineteen now.

Dean's gut twists uneasily.

"Michael lets you take over?" Sam asks the question in all their minds.

"We sort of have an agreement," Adam says casually, in the middle of biting and chewing. "There isn't much to do in the Cage, you know. Just the two of us."

"So I heard," Dean blinks, feeling the guilt rising higher.

"And Michael said you were the reason we were stuck down there for so long," Adam says, with his eyes locked on the pizza, not looking at any of them. "It's not seven years, you know."

"It's not?" Sam prompts.

"Shit," Dean blurts. He's been there forty years, in Hell, and came back to find it's only four months on Earth. Time flows differently.

"It's like a thousand years." Adam nods, taking another huge bite of the pizza, swallowing it almost without chewing. "I'm starving."

Dean shifts in his chair uncomfortably. There is nothing to say to that. A thousand years, and now they want Michael's help. Dude is merciful enough not to blow them up on the spot.

"I'm sorry," Dean hears himself saying.

"It's not your fault," Cas says quickly, "It's mine."

"And mine," Sam cuts in, giving them both a look. "I'm the one dragging you in; that's an accident."

"That's right, Sam." Michael puts down the pizza that Adam was busy eating. They can tell the change just from the stance and voice he's using. Not like either of them is trying to pretend to be the other. "That's your fault."

Sam swallows hard, shifting in the seat as if he hopes he can immediately shrink smaller in the chair, to not have to face Michael's rage. "I'm sorry. But I have to."

"Then you must understand there is something I have to do as well." Michael announces, standing up."

"And what's that?" Dean hurries up as well, following Michael's every move.

"The closure," he says definitively, moving out of the room. "The thing I should have done a thousand years ago, before the fall. I have to fight Lucifer."

He regards the room with lights in his eyes, as if x-raying through the walls. "And I can sense him. You have him here. So I will meet him, and I will end everything like it should be."

Dean marches in front of him, blocking his way. Cas follows him one step behind.

"Come on, you don't *have to* kill Lucifer. He's your brother! You can just... talk to him!" Dean tries.

"Like that went so well every time with you and Sam." Michael doesn't stop, just keeps walking. Dean has to walk backward to stay before him and talk. He glances behind him from time to time to avoid tripping. So Cas lends him a hand. Sam follows them at a ten-step distance.

"Mikey, so good to see you again." Comes Lucifer's long slimy voice from the other end of the war room, the minute they enter.

The ghost hunters round at the edge of the room with their holy water guns in their hands. Tense and horrified.

"What's he doing here? I thought he was supposed to be in the dungeon?!" Dean turns sharply to Sam. Then to the ghosts, "Get out, everyone! Go!"

"I don't know, but I can't make that control thing work again! I came back to find him wandering around. Oh, and the bunker's door is broken! Imagine how freaked out I was! I was hoping *you* could give me some answer!" Sam vents out bitterly.

Dean stares at him, "How would I know what to do? You're the one with the special power all this time! Did you ask Crowley for some upgrade?"

"Look at them," Lucifer chuckles, gesturing at them, talking to Michael, "bickering like we did when we were young, you remember that?"

Michael's marching steps slow down. He rounds the table in the war room, slowly closing their distance. "I remember," he says in a low serious voice. "That's eons ago. There weren't many stars. Dad was still creating them."

Lucifer laughs, "The stars! Right. Didn't you use to call every single one of them Andromeda or something? Because you came up with the name and you just loved its sound?"

Michael widens his eyes slightly, surprised. "You remember that?"

"Of course I do," Lucifer says easily. "Dad has to make a huge Andromeda there just to keep you from asking over and over again. And you still think it's too small, too plain, too little color, and too few stars."

A small grin finds its way onto Michael's lips. "That's even before Raphael and Gabriel were created. The whole world is just you and me. Not even Dad came home that often. I had to prepare you dinner and tug you to bed. We thought it was gonna be like that forever."

Lucifer nods lazily. "Don't you miss that? The simplicity. The quiet world. Just spinning stars, floating dust, no other messy, noisy lives. Just you and me. Quiet and calm. So peaceful. We were free! That's the real paradise. And Dad just *had to* create more things to ruin it."

Michael stops his steps, thinking.

"See, you're talking now. That's good, right?" Dean ventures in a forced cheerful voice, encouraging. Sam gives him a weird look. Cas tucks his shirt to have him step farther away from the archangels.

Michael pulls out his golden blade. "That's just your trick, Lucifer. I see through you," he says, marching toward the Devil again. "I'm not nostalgic. You can't possibly think some childhood story would make me forget my destiny."

Lucifer hurries around the table, circling it so they are always separated by the tables and chairs in between. "But you do want that, don't you? Come on, Mikey, just you and me, like old times."

"It's Michael." Michael corrects him automatically, annoyed. His grip on the blade is firm, but his steps hesitate.

"Why do you want to kill him so much anyway?" Dean blurts out, from the threshold of the war room -- the *"war"* room, damn, that's just too fitting.

Michael throws him a glance. "That's my Fate. I *have to* do it."

"And why's that?" Dean follows quickly. "Because he's evil? Because you hate him? Or because Daddy said so, and you are just being a good boy? What?"

Michael stills. He clearly never really thinks about that. "I... don't hate you," he says slowly, almost achingly, looking at Lucifer. "I loved you."

Dean blinks rapidly. Okay, he didn't see this coming.

Lucifer slows his pace, too. He stutters, "That's... that's... I don't know what to say."

"I practically raised you. Why would I hate you?" Michael lowers the blade in his hand. "It's all just part of Dad's plan. He told me to kill you, so I *have to* do it. I hoped He didn't ask me of that. But no, He did, so here we are."

"*Daddy's blunt instrument,*" Cas whispers, reciting. "*It is the same on Earth as it is in Heaven.*"

Dean flinches at that, shaking his head in disbelief. It doesn't feel any better, even if it's not the first time he hears these words.

"Anyone is gonna tell them how big of a pain in the ass Chuck is?" Dean talks under his breath.

Michael hears him anyway, looking sharply in his direction. "You have met God? Father talked to *you*?"

Dean doesn't expect the attention to shift back to him so soon, glancing at Cas and Sam quickly. Cas gives him a nod. Dean answers, "Yeah, just a dorky little guy -- a writer, apparently. We helped him fight against Amara last year. He ain't much of a celebrity type, if you know what I mean."

"And guess who's invited to the party?" Lucifer says, raising his hand, then pointing at Michael, "And guess who isn't?"

"I didn't even know," Michael says, distressed. "Dad is back, but he didn't even bring me out of the Cage? Why would He have you, instead of me? Did He forget about me? Am I not His favorite son?" He stops circling the tables, just leaning on one edge, holding his hands on it, supporting his body as if the weight suddenly becomes too much.

Dean exchanges an anxious look with Cas and Sam. None of them knows how to answer that. That's just too much of a family conversation now. They talked about playing Doctor Phil with those two assclowns, then at the end of the day, it looks like it does require some kind of psychological certification to make it work.

Lucifer watches his brother closely, leaning in cautiously. "Not just forget, I think He didn't care. I'm sorry, Michael. I even mentioned we needed you. Last time we locked Auntie Amara away, it took Dad and all four of us. So I told him, 'We need Michael, he's in the Cage.' And you know what Dad said?"

Michael glances up at him, waiting.

"Nothing! Dear old Dad didn't say anything! We just moved on, talking about preparing battle plans with these mud monkeys and demons and witches!" Lucifer declares.

"He didn't care about me," Michael says, with dawning realization. He pulls a chair and sits down heavily, the blade left forgotten on the table. Looking far too tired and defeated. "I did everything he asked, I was even ready to murder the brother I practically raised. And he didn't even come for me in the Cage."

Lucifer rounds the table, carefully planting his hand on Michael's shoulder. "It sucks, I know. And Dad left this world again, by the way," he says, looking down at Michael. "But you still got me, Brother."

Michael doesn't move, just staring at the air in front of him, murmuring. "Why would He do that?"

"Less about why, more about what, what do you say?" Lucifer tells him, almost gently. "So, you and me, we are good?"

Michael nods wordlessly.

Lucifer winks at the threshold where the Winchesters and Castiel have been staying.

Dean and Sam let out a long relieved breath. Cas's face is still grim.

"Told you, talking works perfectly, right?" Dean grins, starting to walk into the room. Cas whispers a low "Careful" behind him.

Lucifer shoots him a quick glance.

Michael doesn't bother looking up.

"Can we start talking about the plan to save the angels now?" Dean asks.

"No," Michael answers, single syllable.

"What?" Dean blinks, confused.

"I said, 'No'," Michael repeats, raising his tired head.

"You didn't even hear me out, Buddy." Dean struggles to put on half a smile.

"I don't care," Michael answers, disinterested.

"The angels are dying of the Darkness infection. The Angle Black Death thingy, look at Cas! Only you guys can save them. Come on, aren't you supposed to be all brothers and sisters?" Dean urges, feeling the heat of rage bubbling, starting to get desperate.

"Not really," Michael says, breaking his hope. "I only have one real brother, and he's right here. Not even Raphael and Gabriel are close to us. If all the other angels are dying, I don't really care. There is no one else at the beginning of time besides us, and I think --" he glances at Lucifer quickly, "-- I actually really enjoy that two-people time."

"What about Adam?" Sam tries. "You seem to care for him."

"Adam and I spent a thousand years together. Lucifer and I eons. What do you think?" Michael asks emotionlessly.

Dean huffs annoyedly.

Lucifer pats Michael on the shoulder, gesturing to his body. "Another thing, Bro, those petty little annoying humans tied this body to the Cage magic, you think you can do anything about that?"

Michael snaps his fingers.

Sam yells a desperate "No --"

The Devil's eyes shine bright and bloody red with a huge grin.
