---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death（Chap.9）The Brightest Light（1）
date: 2025-10-27 00:01
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Dean Winchester", "Castiel", "Sam Winchester", "Mary Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 DCBB
long_novels: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death
---

Dean puts down his coffee mug, staring out of the window leading to the lawn outside.

It's another sunny day out here. Every day is a peaceful sunny day.

Mary glances at him. "What are you looking at?"

"Not sure," Dean answers absentmindedly, walking toward the window. "Thought I saw someone there for a sec."

"By 'someone' you mean...?" Sam asks carefully, knowing him too well.

"Cas." Dean frowns, still staring at the place he saw. He walks outside, and hears Sam let out a short sigh.

There is no one on the lawn.

"I don't see anyone," Mary follows after him, saying gently, putting a hand on his shoulder. "Are you sure it's not a hallucination?"

Dean shakes his head in disappointment. "I just have this gut feeling, not everything is fixed. Something is still wrong."

He dodges Mary's eyes, but still manages out, "Him not being here, that's wrong."

He isn't sure how or where his mother would take it to, but hell, they're in Heaven now, how bad can it be if they don't take it well?

Mary cups his cheeks with two hands, looking into his eyes. "Go look for him, then. I know how important he is to you. I'll talk to your Dad."

Dean gives her an appreciative smile. "Thanks, Mom." And walks out of the house.

The Impala is parked along the roadside. Dean sits in the driver's seat, and starts driving.

The road gradually turns from the small town of Lawrence into Lebanon before he realizes where he's heading.

Bunker slowly comes into view.

<br>

Castiel's consciousness floats higher and lighter, dissipating slowly.

*Cas?*

His light condenses as his mind tunes into a calling.

*Cas, where are you?*

Castiel floats and flies, fainting away. He's so tired. He's going to a place where he can sleep forever.

*Cas, I need you, buddy.*

It must be his imagination. Castiel thinks, befuddled. How can he hear Dean's voice when he's literally dying?

*Cas! Where are you?*

Castiel struggles to make his consciousness converge back together.

He's about floating into the empty space outside the universe now, but if he really focuses, maybe there's still a small chance he can pass by Heaven.

Maybe, if he tries really, really hard, he can see Dean in Heaven one last time.

So he tries.

<br>

The bunker in Heaven is almost exactly like the bunker on Earth. Dean wonders if it's created by his memory or if some angels are appreciative enough to build it for them.

He parks the Impala in the garage and rushes up the stairs.

The bunker is dead quiet. The lights are all out. No one's home.

"Cas?" Dean turns on the lights, searching the hallways.

"Cas, where are you?" He walks through the war room, then then library, then then kitchen.

They are all empty. The bunker is empty. Heaven is empty for him.

Dean stares at the long, almost endless hallways of the bunker, hearing only the echo of his own steps. His eyes start burning hot.

He can't find Cas. He can't find the one person he's going through so much trouble to save, and he still can't save him.

He walks to his own bedroom door, thinking hard. *Cas, buddy, don't do this. Don't leave me only. Tell me you're okay, you're healed. Tell me you're here. I need you.*

He pauses a minute before his closed door, pressing his palms on it, praying, *Please, please, please.*

He pushes the door open.

The bed where Cas lay comatose is empty. The bedsheet and cover neat and tidy.

Dean finds strength running out of his body. All the hope that rose in him when he watched the road outside their house turning into the way leading to the bunker and raced the car, drains fast.

He slumps onto the bed foot, leaning his back on the side. He presses his face into his palms. "Cas, where are you?"

"Dean?" A hesitant voice comes through, startling Dean to a heart attack.

He jumps to his feet so fast that his head is dizzy for a second.

Cas, looking awful and feeble, leans against the doorframe, struggling to stand straight. But he's right there, real and complete.

"God, Cas!" Dean fumbles to wipe his face and strides to the angel, holding him like his life depends on it. "Jesus, where have you been?"

Cas moans softly under his squeeze, but doesn't move away. His hand goes around Dean's back, resting there. "I think... I heard you."

Dean smells blood when he's this close.

"What happened? Why are you..." Too many questions rush to his throat, choking him wordless. Dean wipes his face, trying to steady himself. "Are you okay?" He ends up asking.

Cas's eyes are wide and bloodied, black circles around them paint his whole face pale and sunken. Bruises and bloodstains decorate on top, making it so difficult to look at him. Even his whole figure does not look solid, a little like ghostly translucent. He's thin and faint, but he doesn't stop staring at Dean. In fact, he doesn't even blink, as if every single blink is a waste of time taken from looking at Dean.

"I just wanted to see you one last time," Cas says quietly, with difficulty. His voice rough.

"I'm dying," he thinks for a second, correcting himself. "I might already be dead, my body on Earth, I mean. I'm not sure."

"How?" Dean holds his shoulder, helping him move into his room, lying on his bed. If Cas keeps dying on his bed, he might stop liking his memory foam very soon. One idle thread of his mind thinks. "Sam and I should have fixed Heaven and everyone here. Why aren't you healed?"

"Perhaps because I wasn't in Heaven?" Cas leans down on his bed, grasping Dean's hand and not letting go. But even his strongest grip is loose, Dean can so easily draw his hand out. He does not. He holds Cas's hands, feeling his heart being shredded into hundreds of millions of broken pieces.

After everything they've done, how come he still can't save one person he really wants to save? It's not fair.

"What can I do?" Dean croaks, devastated. "Tell me how to fix this. Tell me I can save you."

"It's okay, Dean." Cas tries to give him a smile.

A deliberate throat-clearing sound comes after them, with an unnecessary door-knocking on the room door that is open.

Dean turns to find a woman in a business suit standing a little awkwardly at the door, with a kind face and curly hair. He uses one hand to wipe off his tears.

"Who are you?"

"I'm Hannah, Angel of the Lord," she introduces with a polite smile. "I come bearing news. The surviving angels ask me, as representative, to come to express our appreciation for your help in saving Heaven and all of us, myself included."

"Yeah, sure." Dean turns away from her, losing interest quickly. "Unless you know how to help me save him," he grabs Cas's hand harder, as if this can stop his life from slipping away through gaps in the palm. "I don't have any use for you."

"I might do," Hannah says patiently, and that regains Dean's attention. "Castiel is not healed because he wasn't in Heaven when the purification happened. But you see, the purification is not from Michael or Lucifer's grace."

Dean jerks his head up, "It's not?"

Hannah smiles gently, shaking her head. "It acts as the media, but not the medicine. We didn't realize it then, but when the grace comes to heal us, all of us felt it -- it's the feelings and emotions from the souls that fill in the blanks and gaps created by the darkness. It's your and your brother's souls that were filled with the willingness to sacrifice for the world, that turned into the brightest light, purified and saved us."

"Feelings," Dean repeats dumbly. "Are you saying I still got that in me?" He glances back at the angel lying on the bed, eyes following his every move, running into his gaze. "Are you saying I always have that in me to save him?"

"Yes," Hannah says simply.

"How do I use it? Stabbing myself again?"

Hannah shakes her head. "Just be honest and open with it, let it all out. Let him know, let him feel it. Darkness creates holes and emptiness; you just need to fill them."

"That's it?" Dean blinks, in disbelief.

"That's it."

Dean turns back to Cas.

"And there is a second message from angels --" Hannah continues.

"Yeah, no, lady, that can wait." Dean cuts her off breathlessly. "Mind if you help close the door for a bit, too?"

He doesn't spare a thought to wait and see if the door is actually closed before leaning closer to Cas.

"Hey," Dean says to Cas softly, almost awkwardly. His hands move from Cas's hands to his chin, thumb caressing the tips of his lips.

"Hello, Dean," Cas answers solemnly, eyes following his move.

"Feelings and emotions, God," Dean chuckles bitterly, "I'm so not good at that."

"You don't have to, if it makes you uncomfortable," Cas tells him.

Dean chuckles louder, then stares him hard. "Yeah, no. If I don't save you? It's so much worse than 'uncomfortable'. So, just, shut up and listen."

Cas bites his lips, stays quiet just as he's told.

Dean almost immediately regrets telling him that, for the sudden silence in the room crawls under his skin like an itching real thing.

How should he start talking about something he's never talked about in his whole life? Never even really allow himself to think about?

*Have you seen the way he looks at you?*

*I'm not talking about this.*

*Just saying... if you need someone to talk to, you know where to find me.*

He should have taken that chance when Jo offered.

*You want to ask me to walk you down the aisle?*

*We are not... that.*

*But even if you do, if you ever want to talk about it, I want you to know, you can. I'm your mother, after all, and I would like to know.*

Or when Mary offered.

He had so many chances, and now, Cas's life relies on him tearing open his skin to find what's inside -- he doesn't even have skin right now, Dean remembers, he's just a manifestation of a soul, and Cas a curled ball of grace. This room is not in the real bunker.

It should be easier, right? Bare soul talking to bare grace. His true form facing Cas's true form.

Dean takes a long breath in, and exhales it out.

"Cas, you already know you're my best friend, you're like my brother, you're family, because I told you so. But that's not all what you're to me. I doubt there is even a word for this.

"I'm not so dumb as not to know anything about love, those love between family, or friends, or partners, I know them all, Cas, believe me, I know. But it's still so impossible to talk to you about it because, Cas, you're all those, but none of those.

"I know I love Sam as a brother, I love Jo like a little sister, I love Charlie as a really good friend, I love mom and dad, and Bobby, and everyone. I don't say the word 'love' a lot, but I get what it means. But when I think about 'I love you, Cas', I don't understand it."

He rubs his face frustratedly, so scared he's making it a mess, but he pushes on. Cas just watches him attentively.

"I mean, of course I love you, but that's just one word, 'love', what does it mean? Do I love you so we get to watch TV together? Do I love you so I want to kiss you? Do I love you so I wasn't afraid of damning the whole world just to save you? I don't understand it, so it scared the shit out of me.

"But what's funny is, the one person who gives me the revelation, is the person I should never listen to. He said, 'Everything has a price. Just depend on how much you are willing to pay.' He asked me, 'How much am I willing to pay for you?' Am I willing to sacrifice you for something else, or am I willing to sacrifice everything else for you?

"That's when I realized what that love is. All this time, I did it wrong -- I dumped you to Raphael to run with Sam, I kicked you out of the bunker because I thought I was helping Sam. Every time I could and should choose you, I didn't. Except this time.

"I just sacrificed myself and my brother, and practically risked the whole universe, to save you. I wouldn't do that if I didn't figure that shit out. So I think, that's my final answer. That's when I finally get to say, Cas, I love you. And I understand exactly what I mean. I love you the way you love me all this time."

Castiel doesn't blink as Dean tells him all that.

Dean can't say he's not freaked out by the silence and stillness, but then he realizes what Cas is looking at. Bright golden light is divulging from his body -- from his soul -- dancing around his palm, reaching to Cas. As if in answer, white-blue light of grace emits from Cas, reaching toward him. His light embraces Cas's the moment they touch, Dean feels his whole existence is melting away, his shape and manifestation morphing into the light of soul, so he lets himself go.

"Dean --" Cas murmurs in awe. Golden lights reflect in his pupils, making his shape even thinner, more ghostly. But he makes an effort and lets it out, "I love you, too, so much."

Then he lights up too. The blue light starts from his pupil, beaming out through his mouth and ear, soon the whole existence. He is freed from his skin and his body, turning back to the pure light form, entangling with the light that is Dean's soul.

Dean pulls Cas over for a hug, for a kiss, for everything and everywhere to be together. Their light merge, their sensations shared, their feelings and emotions entangled. Dean closes his eyes. He can't see, but he's feeling so much. He feels warm, he feels cold, he feels happy, he feels scared. He feels ecstatic for being able to hold Cas like this, being together in every single possible way; he feels freaking out for saying all that shit and having no idea what he's just done. He feels naked as a soul, feels bare, feels seen, feels himself open in a way he's never done before. He feels everything he has ever felt in the past decade whenever Cas is involved, and channels all that into the thoughts and lights and prayers into his existence, and sends all that to Cas.

If it's feelings and thoughts and love from Dean that can save Cas, then he's giving him everything.

Love is not just a word. Not just a sentence, a gesture, a look, a moment. It's his full existence.

Energy surged from the golden soul light into Cas's grace, charging it, enriching, powering it up, cleaning it of all the dark shades and shadows.

And soon, the thin blue light is just as pure and dazzling as Dean's soul.

They settle down slowly, shaping back into figures that minds can apprehend easily.

Cas's face is clean and healthy now, the blue light of grace retracting back inside him, dimming slowly in his eyes, as the light of soul drawing back inside Dean. His cheeks are flushing pink, his lips slightly apart, slightly breathless.

It feels too much, but not enough, at the same time.

Dean is still in the posture of half-sitting on the bed, half leaning over Cas. He sits straight slowly.

Cas blinks, breaking the silence first, "I think, I'm fully healed now."

Dean cracks up a laugh. "Yeah, yeah, I can see that. So... we're good?"

Cas rolls his eyes. "Dean," he says in a low voice, "you just covered my grace with all your soul and told me how much you love me. Yes, we're more than 'good.'" He does an air quote.

Dean bursts out with a thunder of laughter, so frantically and freely that tears come out of the corners of his eyes. Cas kisses it off for him.

They fall back into the comfortable silence where they just stare at each other as if looking at a wonder without saying or doing anything. Dean thinks he can just do this one thing for the rest of eternity and call it paradise.

"I dreamed about kissing you, one time," Dean blurts out, feeling the words rolling out on their own, "when you were lying on this exact bed, and I got scared you wouldn't wake up. It felt so different, but also so real." His fingers linger at Cas's bottom lip, drawing its shape.

"I dreamed of the same thing the same night. That's how I woke up." Cas widens his eyes.

They stare at each other, then start at the same time.

"Do you think that's --" Dean says.

"Would that be --" Cas asks.

"-- the same dream?" they finish in unison.

It feels so obvious now that the question doesn't even need answered.

"How does that happen? Do I have psychic power or something?" Dean asks.

"We do... share a profound bond," Cas says slowly.

"Yeah, heard you mention that once, but you never explained what it does." Dean tilts his head, "I got a free annual ticket to your dreamland or what?"

"Your soul and my grace have long since been mixed before either of us understands what it can do." Realization slowly dawns on Cas, smoothing his frown. "It explains so much. Everything we didn't understand before, it's all making sense now."

"Enlighten me."

"When I pulled you out of Hell, our energies had direct contact, so I have a small amount of soul energy from you, and you get some of my grace. That link allowed you to slow down my infection, enter my dreams, and allow me to hear you when I was about to evaporate into the Empty. It's your voice that pulled me back at the very last time, when I was almost gone." Cas looks at Dean through drooping eyes. "You saved me, Dean, so many times."

"Not as much as you saved me," Dean argues.

"I beg to differ." Cas counters.

Dean huffs a small laugh. "Wouldn't it be better if both of us could just stop *needing* to be saved?"

Cas nods at that. "I agree."

Dean lends him a hand to pull Cas out of bed. "Come on. We gotta get home now. Let Sam and everyone know you're fine."

"I think, Hannah is probably still waiting out there." Cas tilts his head at the door.

"Shit. Yeah." Dean completely forgets that there's another angel audio message waiting for him.

He drags himself over to open the door, finding the angel standing in an awkwardly straight stance, right outside his room, all this time.

Dean clears his throat to hide the embarrassment. "So what's the second news for me?"
