---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death（Chap.3）Rock Never Dies（5）
date: 2025-07-29 03:47
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Dean Winchester", "Castiel", "Sam Winchester", "Lucifer", "Fergus MacLeod/Crowley", "Rowena MacLeod"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 DCBB
long_novels: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death
---

Bunker has never before seen more like a hospital inpatient department -- practically everyone living in here could use some medical attention. Including the hostage. For a brief moment, Dean even feels bad for him, watching his passed-out vessel chained to the dungeon -- he almost looks like just a normal guy, that second-tier rock star is probably also still in there suffering big time -- until he remembers all the shitty things the Devil has done to them. To him. To Cas. He then wants nothing more than giving the bastard more punches.

But even without the punches, Lucifer doesn't look so hot. The degrading process is visible and fast, spreading from the skin to deeper underneath, as if watching a piece of fresh meat turning bad in room temperature in speed-up mode. The blackened, necrotic skin fall from his body like winter leaves falling, showing the flesh underneath. Then the flesh shrink as dark spots and sores spreading, like some moth-eaten woods, cankered and charred. After the flesh fall off, that is only the skeleton left standing. Walking and talking. But even the bones are crumbling down, leaving pieces of broken fragments on the floor, falling apart. With that rate, within a few days, they wouldn't have a chained Lucifer in the basement, he'd become a pile of dust plus some pitiful, spinning, vessel-less grace looking for a body.

"I can't believe I'm going to say this, but uh --" Dean says, sitting at the library table, to the other two, "We might have to find a way to help Lucifer recover."

"What?" Sam startles.

"Look at him," Dean points at the dungeon monitor screen, "no way he's 'the brightest light' the way he is now. I say we either patch that rock star vessel or get him another one."

Cas's face hardens. "Which means another soul would get possessed, whoever that may be. Is that what you mean?"

Dean stutters, "I guess."

Cas's eyes bore into his. "And is that what you mean when you specifically ask me and Sam to promise never to say 'Yes' to Lucifer?" He narrows his eyes. "Then it looks like there is only one option left. Dean, are you going to say 'Yes'?"

Sam jumps from his seat. "I'll never let you do that."

Dean raises two hands in the air in surrender. "Not so fast," He stares back at Cas, then shifts to Sam, "No, that's not what I mean, chill, alright?"

He turns the book in front of him for them to see, the pattern on the page looking vaguely familiar. Cas recognizes it first, "It's the Celtic curse Rowena used on Lucifer to accelerate the decay. If we can reverse it, maybe we can keep him steady in Vince Vincente for a while longer, until he recovers enough to help."

Dean looks at him. "Would that work?"

Cas drags that Celtic magic book closer to him, studying the page. He frowns, "I think Rowena made some change. There is no mention of ash of hawthorn tree anywhere, the last part of the curse I overheard is also not standard. She must have learned from the Book of the Damned."

Sam breathes out short, "Then only she would know how to reverse it."

Dean reaches for his phone, "I'll give her a call."

<br>

"Miss me so soon?" Rowena's over-sweet voice comes out of the speaker, in the background of some remote indistinct torturing and screaming sound.

"We need the reverse spell for that decay one you used on Lucifer," Sam blunts out.

"Jeez, don't sugar coat it," Dean hisses.

"Why?" Rowena's voice comes louder and clearer. Sound like she walked to a quiet corner of the room.

"We need to help Lucifer recover," Cas supplies.

"Oh, isn't that the sweet wee angel there? Hello, Sunshine." Rowena's sweet voice greets cheerfully. Dean can't help rolling his eyes.

"Rowena," Dean presses, tone more serious, "we need Lucifer to save the world, and he can't do that in that shabby vessel you poisoned."

"Then find him another vessel, problem solved," Rowena says in a tone that sounds completely like "Why is that my problem?"

"That's not helpful at all," Sam hisses between his teeth. Cas nods quietly to agree.

Dean sighs, shutting his eyes. "Not an option, any other brilliant ideas?"

"There is one, if you must --" Rowena says, with the sound of a wry smile at the edge of each syllable, "-- there's always that good old Nick -- what's his last name?"

"Nick?" Dean looks up, meeting Cas and Sam's eyes. "The vessel -- that man -- he possessed like ten years ago?"

"Bingo."

"He's still alive and kicking?"

"No, but three guesses where he ended up now."

Sam breathes out harshly. "Hell."

Rowena laughs pretentiously. "Aren't you the smartest student in the class, Samuel? Have fun shopping vessels, boys."

She hangs up after that.

"Works for me." In Dean's querying eyes, Sam shrugs.

Cas doesn't give much sign of opinions, just moving to sit down in the closest chair, looking like just tired of standing and staring at the phone for too long.

Dean rings the King of Hell next.

Crowley picks at the sixth ring.

"This is Hell," he greets glumly.

"Do you happen to know where Nick's body is?" Dean stares at the "666" on the phone's screen.

"Nick who?" Crowley asks.

"What's his last name?" Dean mouths to Sam silently, who answers with a shaking head.

Dean turns back to phone. "Just Nick, *that* Nick from like ten years ago, the one Lucifer possessed."

"Seven," Sam corrects him. Then speaking to the phone as well, adding, "Heard he's in Hell now, hope he doesn't mind his meat suit get borrowed again."

"Ah, that Nick," Crowley says with a deliberately stretched tone. Dean frowns at the screen.

"Ring a bell. What about him?" the demon carelessly asks.

Dean takes a breath, at the edge of losing temper. "Cut the crap, Crowley, you know exactly why we're asking, and you agreed to help! He's in your department. We're looking for his body right now. Any idea where?"

"No. Must be rotten somewhere all those years ago." Crowley answers plainly. "Dig up the grave if you must, you might find a couple bones from old Nick. No idea why you look for those junk."

"I don't buy it," Dean glares at the screen, wishing he can just grab the demon on his fine suit's collar to let him know how serious they are. His gut is telling him Crowley is lying.

"That's *your* problem then. Have fun hunting some bones, Squirrel." A pause, then, "Say 'Hi' to Feathers to me. Ciao."

The line is cut then.

Dean throws the phone to the middle of the table, wiping his face. "He's lying. He knew exactly where Nick's body is and he's not telling us. Freaking demons!"

"What are we gonna do?" Sam frowns at him. "He could be telling the truth, and we might just waste days and weeks digging empty graves -- if he even had one. Things were quite nasty back then, if you remember."

"Yeah, hard to forget that big swan dive. Thought that was it back then, if Cas didn't bring you back. Speaking of --"

Dean glances at Cas, who's just sitting there quietly, listening to them with a tilted head. If it's not because his eyes are still open, Dean might suspect he has fallen asleep. The scars and bruises on his face are still difficult to look at. The ones on his neck turned from black to purple, like a large circle of bruise scarf. Dean has to force his eyes away from there whenever his eyes land on Cas, and this is one of those moments.

"Someone's been really quiet," Dean pokes him. "You got anything to add to the table, Cas?"

Cas turns to meet his eyes. He opens his mouth, but before he can say anything, he starts coughing. Once. Then a second times. At the third times, Dean's eyebrows arch. "What's that?"

Cas eases his breath and says in a plain tone, "It's nothing. Just, something in my throat." But he's a terrible liar.

"No, it's not." Dean says straight, walking closer to look at him with better lighting. "You got a cold or something?"

His eyes scrutinize up and down the angel's shirt and suit jacket, Cas has taken off his trench coat and left it on the back of the chair.

"Those clothes, too hot? Too cold? Want A/C on? Anything?" Dean asks, tone concerning.

Cas shifts in the seat uneasily. "Temperature does not concern me," he says.

His Adam's apple bobbing up and down, looking nothing other than silently suppressed another round of urge to cough again. Dean does not miss that, the twist in his brows deepens.

"You sure about that? That looks exactly like the cold Sammy used to have every year around fall-winter time."

Sam protests weakly with rolling eyes that mean "I wasn't a sickly kid!" Dean's too distracted to see it.

Cas manages to get his breathes even again, pressing at his temples. "I'm fine. The fight with Lucifer was exhausting, that's all. I think we should focus on looking for Nick and his body as vessel for Lucifer, as soon as possible. Heaven and the Angels there might not withstand much longer, I'm afraid souls might start falling from cracks in Heaven soon."

Dean gives him another look, but decides to let it slip for once. He turns to Sam, shrugging lightly, "You heard Cas. Think it's settled then. How hard can it be to find a guy Lucifer handpicked seven years ago?"

Sam flinches.

Dean is taken aback for a second, whispering a quick "Didn't mean to..." under his breath.

They start the searching and researching just as if it's another run-of-mill case.
