---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death（Chap.9）The Brightest Light（3）Epilogue（completed）
date: 2025-10-27 03:11
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Dean Winchester", "Castiel", "Sam Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文", "已完结"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 DCBB
long_novels: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death
---

Adam completely freaks out when Cas's limp body starts to breathe and move again. That makes Sam and Dean walking back into the war room a smaller startle.

There are more wrapping works than any of them remember they've ever had for other apocalypses or cases.

Adam says he doesn't know what he wants to do anymore, but maybe college is a good starting point, so Sam makes him a set of fake IDs and helps him settle down in a college town.

The townsfolk who were possessed by the Stynes and passed out all over the bunker after the demons were exorcised, Cas helps check they are all physically unharmed, and wipes this part of the memory, before dropping them back to town.

They take Nick's body to Detroit, and the ghost of his wife, Sarah, moves on with teary eyes. The baby ghost in the swaddle was already back in Heaven.

They let Missouri and Jody know everything is settled, though Jody gave them a hard time, because they had forgotten to let her be a part of the operation, or keep her updated, when they could have been gone for good. Jody warned them harshly about "making her phone in their speed dials" in the middle of an awesome home-cooked dinner.

And finally, they go back to the bunker, and everything is calm and quiet again.

It's only the echo of three sets of footsteps as they step down the stairs from the now-fixed front door.

The bunker looks too wide and spacious.

"Should we, I don't know, celebrate or something?" Sam suggests hesitantly.

"Why not?" Dean moves toward the kitchen. "I'll get the beers."

<br>

What's supposed to be a celebration turns into a memorial in ten minutes.

They swap the beers for something stronger.

They didn't lose any more people in this war, but a separation after the reunion always gives off that feeling, even if they were just ghosts.

"Ellen was so awesome in the fight, have you ever seen that?" Dean starts, drinking idly. "Why didn't we have them in more hunts back in the day?"

Sam chuckles. "Did you forget she used to have a Roadhouse to run?"

"Oh yeah, that." Dean realizes he does almost forget, but it's probably caused by the alcohol. He takes another drag of the drink, thinking back, "Ash and Charlie could have been such good friends if they ever met back then."

"I'd be scared," Sam laughs jokingly. "The two of them can break into anything; who knows how big a mess they might get themselves into."

They talk about Mom and Dad, the Heaven of their family life, old stories of all their friends, and what they might be doing up there now. They have a toast for the world and everyone again. Dean makes another toast to celebrate Cas getting his power back, and Sam immediately follows with another one for them being together and witnessed by everyone, receiving Dean's eye-roll, but he doesn't protest. Cas drinks and toasts with them, sitting next to Dean.

By nine, Sam retreats to his room, claiming he's too tired.

Dean hums a goodnight, thinking maybe it's a good time for him to stop as well. He doesn't feel tired or too drunk yet, but that may be something Cas did for his body. He suspects Cas made a few tiny little modifications, like a brand new liver or something, but he doesn't know for sure. And it feels weird to ask, "Hey, did you make me a new liver?" And it must be even weirder to ask, "Does that make me a virgin again?"

So he just sits there, hovering his hand around the glasses. Not quite drinking, not quite thinking. As if he's just letting his mind float around in mid-air.

"Do you want to rest now?" Cas asks him, breaking his trance.

"Sure, yeah." Dean agrees, finishing the last mouthful of his drink.

They walk down the hallway to his room, Dean crashes down on the bed, and Cas hesitates at the threshold.

"Goodnight, Dean," Cas says, looking as if he's about to leave the room.

"Where are you going?" Dean props his head up.

"My room?" Cas answers unsurely. "The guest room down the hallway."

Dean rolls his eyes. "Ridiculous. Come over here."

Cas edges into the room, closing the door behind him.

Dean pulls him close the moment Cas is within his arm's reach, and kisses him like a dying man finding the water. Cas makes a soft, surprised hum, before leaning into him. His hands cradle Dean's head, fingers parting behind his ears, holding him tight.

Dean doesn't stop until he has to break for a breath. He leans his forehead against Cas's, and tells him with their breath mingled, "It's a new body, so I get to say this: the first person this mouth has ever kissed is you, Cas; and it will only be you. The first person it has ever confessed to is also you, because I love you. Christ, it feels like a reborn -- technically, it really is. There are so many things I'd like to try with you, you have no idea. It's like I'm re-exploring myself and the world again, like a newborn baby. It doesn't even taste the same with the new tongue and teeth -- but it might just be my imagination. You certainly don't taste the same as last time."

Cas chuckles and strokes his cheeks gently. "I would assure you I made everything the same, because I know exactly what every part of you is like. But I understand it would be more fun to tell you otherwise. So I will neither confirm nor deny that I made any changes to your body, so that we can explore together."

That makes Dean just *have to* kiss him again, with a half-hearted complaint of "Asshole" between the entangled teeth and tongues. *Cas definitely tastes sweeter than he remembers from the dream, or from Heaven.* Dean thinks, *the perk of being a human, is to have the sensations so easily overwhelmed.*

And luckily, he has a whole lifetime to explore. With an angel by his side.

Dean lies back down with a contented sigh. *Now this, is finally their big win, long overdue.*

<br>

**END**
