---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death（Chap.6）Evil Never Rests（1）
date: 2025-08-10 14:27
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Dean Winchester", "Castiel", "Sam Winchester", "John Winchester", "Mary Winchester", "Fergus MacLeod/Crowley"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 DCBB
long_novels: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death
---

Dean wakes up to the ringing of his phone. It takes him a second of disorientation to remember where they are -- the herbal smell in the air reminds him of the respectable psychic.

He fumbles for the phone. The incoming number on the screen isn't a familiar one. He picks it up.

The other end doesn't have anyone speaking; the sound coming out is a wave of glitching white noise, so fuzzy and chilly that it gives goosebumps -- the kind that is a clear enough telltale to say radios are disrupted by ghosts.

That makes him dead awake.

Dean jumps off the bed to search for his jacket pocket. Sam, also woken up, already turns on his EMF. Dean holds out his phone. EMF screams ghost, and the pointer swings directly to the far end of the red zone.

"Ghost," Sam mouths.

Dean thinks for a second, bringing the phone back to his ear, speaking tentatively, "Bobby? Is that you?"

The tone in the speaker shifts, but still a fuzzy noisy one; no audible answer. Then the line is dead.

Dean exchanges a look with Sam, "What do you think?"

"What happened?" Cas wakes up from the extra pull-out at that moment. He said he didn't really have to sleep last night, but Dean insisted he get a few hours of closed-eyes just like they do, so he took the pull-out. And now he's yawning and stretching, and his hairs are all ruffled as messy as it possibly can.

Dean catches him up.

"You think Bobby figured out how to make a haunted phone call?" Sam raises his eyebrows.

"Could be Ash with a burner phone." Dean considers, then immediately tenses. "Which means trouble. Why else would they get into all this trouble to phone us?" He starts rushing toward the room door.

"Must be Lucifer." Sam hisses, getting off the bed and hurriedly following him. "I was away for too long. We should get back."

"What about your parents?" Cas asks behind them.

Dean slows a step. "They could come with us like Bobby did." He's amused for a second by his own thought: "We should rename the bunker to 'Ghost B&B' or something."

To which Cas answers, "Ghosts don't need to sleep or eat, Dean."

Sam huffs a short laugh.

They run into Missouri at the bottom of the stairs. She frowns deeply, looking profoundly troubled. Leaning on the handrail of the stairs, hand pinched on her temple, she looks like going to collapse any second.

The room feels even colder than last night, now that they pay attention to notice.

Dean rushes to hold her by the arm, leading her to sit down on the last step of the stairs. "What's wrong?"

"The ghosts," Missouri says, difficult. "So many of them, so much confusion, so lost. It must be broken now."

The spirits of Mary and John come closer with concerned looks, their forms flickering in and out. Dean notices the candles they saw last night were mostly out, the ritual to steady their forms waning -- must be why it's now more difficult for them to stay stable.

"You mean the Vail?" Sam asks hurriedly.

Missouri nods miserably. "I can feel them. The Vail is broken because there are too many souls, lost from Heaven, and now they're lost to Earth. You must hurry," she looks at Dean in the eyes, then Sam, "I know you boys have some plan to save people, you always do. Whatever you want to do, hurry."

Dean breathes rapidly. "Okay, we gotta go."

They rush out of the house rapidly.

It's not just the room having a low temperature, they realize. The air on the street is also cold, damp with a layer of thick, white fog. Their breath comes out in a white puff. They almost forget it is June in Kansas.

Dean can barely see his car parked by the street from where they stand at the door. "Okay, that looks really bad," he murmurs, running to his car, followed closely by Sam and Cas.

"It's like last year all over again," Sam says breathlessly, "except not the Darkness's black fog, it's white fog now."

"It's not fog," Cas corrects him, following them to sit inside the car. "They are all spirits, ghosts -- lost souls from Heaven." He stares outside the window anxiously.

"You have any idea how many we're talking about?" Dean asks, looking at him through the rear mirror. "Hundreds? Thousands?"

"Forty-six billion, seven hundred and fifty million souls were in Heaven," Castiel reports.

Dean blinks, breathing out heavily. "Forty billion."

"That's like, six times the living population on Earth," Sam stammers.

Mary and John hesitate by the threshold, their forms barely visible through the ghost mist.

"Which means you are royally screwed," Crowley chimes in, popping up in the backseat next to Cas. "Hello, boys."

Dean turns around in his seat completely to stare at him. "What are you doing here? Let me guess, enjoying the end of the world with a popcorn."

Crowley looks back at him unhappily. "Let me rephrase: *We* are royally screwed."

Dean doesn't change his expression, and Crowley rolls his eyes. "You have any idea how hard it is to run Hell already when you *can* use Heaven as a big bad wolf to tell them to behave? Imagine now they *know* the feathery wolves are all dying." He gives Castiel a pointed look.

"We have enough problems in our hands right now, angels, Heaven, ghosts -- we don't have time to worry about Hell," Dean cuts him off impatiently. "You're the King, you figure your own shit out."

"Except you *do* have to care." Crowley leans in, breathing on the back of the driver's seat. "Does the name Styne ring a bell?"

"From Frankenstein?" Sam answers.

"The one you slaughtered," Cas says at the same time.

Dean makes a face. "I sent them down."

"Yes, that one," Crowley continues, still looking at Dean, smiling weakly. "You might have to send them down again. Oh and, just a heads-up, you want to guess who they'd go first for a sweet revenge?"

"Us." Sam grimaces. "What are we dealing with? Corrupted souls or demons?"

"Twisted enough to be demons already," Crowley says plainly. "Unfortunate for you."

"Dammit, Crowley, why don't *you* fix that? Can't you keep your demons in a line? What do you do every day, just busy sitting on the throne?" Dean can't help snapping.

"What do *I* do?! What do *you* do every day?! Just busy chatting with Mama and Papa, hanging out with your puppies? I'm only one man -- one demon, fine -- I need help!" Crowley growls annoyedly, glancing around at Sam and Cas in the car. "It's like a big fat soul feast out there, a freaking Carnival! I have fleeing demons everywhere to catch, all the nasty bits. You're lucky not all demons are crushing the gates and getting out to have fun! If you remember, they aren't exactly the 'listening to the boss' type. They're demons! Now, I want them gone; you want them gone. So help me deal with it!"

Dean is taken aback by his suddenly raised voice.

Crowley's glance passes John and Mary, who still stand by the door. They seem to have tried to move down the stairs toward the car, but were not successful. Every step they take as they merge into the mist, their figures shift and flicker, thinning away, as if they're dispersing into the grand mist, losing sense of themselves. John barely moves down to the paved road before Mary pulls him back, the two of them staring at the car helplessly.

Crowley makes a casual gesture at them. "What's wrong with Mama and Papa Winchester? Afraid of mingling with other ghost buddies?"

Dean follows his gesture, frowning to see the same. "Why --"

Crowley snaps a finger before he can finish, and John and Mary's spirits appear in the backseat. "Don't say I never did anything for you," the demon leaves with that, disappearing right at the same time into the thin air.

"Who's that?" John asks immediately.

"Uh," Sam says intelligently.

Dean puts his attention back to the road, pointedly trained, and starts driving slowly as if he didn't hear. The fog is so dense that speeding up isn't an option. They are practically blinded. On the upper side, there aren't that many cars on the road to worry about crashing into.

"That's Crowley," Castiel supplies, seeing none of the Winchesters are going to answer.

"Another angel buddy?" John prompts.

"Another friend," Dean cuts in stiffly.

"He seems friendly," Mary offers, conversationally.

Sam huffs a short breath.

"You got quite some new friends these years," John comments.

"Wouldn't have made it all the way out till now without them," Dean answers with a controlled voice.

Mary puts a hand on his shoulder, but her translucent hand goes directly past his body. Mary sighs, taking her hand back. "I'm so sorry, Dean. Sam. I can't imagine how much you've been through."

Sam laughs bitterly. "It's okay, Mom."

Mary carries on asking them about all those difficult years, asking about every small detail of pain and agony they try to wave off, looking at them with pained, sad eyes. Sam is the one who does the most of the talking -- they have about two to three hours to kill anyway. John listens mutedly.

When Sam starts talking about last year when Cas was going to let Lucifer possess him, Dean cuts in sharply, "Sam, shut up!"

"It's okay," Cas offers.

"No, I mean, seriously, shut up!" Dean stomps on the brake abruptly. The car halts with a jolt.

Vaguely recognizable trees and tall grass surround them; they should be right on the outer rim of the woods outside the bunker now. The mist before them, however, is not the same heavy white ghost mist as everywhere else.

"Oh God," Sam gasps.

Black smoke entangles with white mist, ghostly figures flashing in and out of shape, flaring and dimming as they shift. They catch glimpses of the shapes of a man or a woman from the blurry view. It's hard to tell what's really happening; the views are so hazy that they look like they're glancing through frosted glass. But with Crowley's information, they have a good enough guess.

"Demons are killing ghosts." Dean grimaces.

"Not just any ghost," Cas says, squinting.

A red-haired ghost girl comes into shape, looking like trying desperately to run from the black smoke following her. But she's not fast enough, the smoke from demons catches up to her easily, wrapping around her waist and pulling her back. She screams, and her shape disperses in the white mist.

"That's Charlie."
