---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death（Chap.8）On the Crossroad（2）
date: 2025-10-27 01:20
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Dean Winchester", "Castiel", "Sam Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 DCBB
long_novels: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death
---

The second message from the surviving angels, as it turns out, is even more surprising.

"You and your brother have proven yourself worthy in every sense as far as Heaven and angels are concerned," Hannah announces solemnly. "With all the archangels gone, and living proof that you and your brother's souls are bright enough to charge Heaven and save angels, we would like to invite you to take the roles of the archangels, to become Heaven's new commanders."

Dean blinks several times, having to take a few minutes to make sure he understands it right, and some more minutes to make sure Hannah is not joking.

Cas nudges him gently. "No one is more worthy than you."

"Yeah, that's not exactly what I'm worried about," Dean rubs his temples. "I can hardly make the Earth not trashed once a year, and now commanding the whole freaking Heaven? That feels too big for our skin. I need to talk with Sam."

Hannah nods approvingly. "I understand. I will come back once you're ready. Castiel knows where to find me."

Cas meets her eyes and gives her a nod. A thought hits him then, and he stops her before she leaves. "Hannah, is there a way for them to go back to Earth?"

Dean turns sharply to him. "That's an option?"

Cas lowers his head, trying not to make his face look too hopeful. "I would hope so."

They both turn to Hannah. The angel considers for a moment. "If you take the position of an archangel, you can go down there whenever you want."

"But then I'd need a meatsuit," Dean frowns. "No, thank you, I like my own handsome face."

"Or a ghost," Hannah adds. "It's not encouraged, but we can set it up as our appreciation, if you so choose."

"I'd hope something more normal, like just vanilla human way," Dean says, a little disappointed.

"You will need a body to connect with Earth," Hannah tells him. "Unfortunately, your original body was vaporized when you entered the heavenly host."

"What if I made him a new one?" Cas chimes in. "I had done it once, and I am more than willing to do it again. Putting his soul back into the new body should be no different from that time I pulled him from Hell."

Dean's face brightens up again. "Except this time, you're pulling me down from Heaven. I like it."

"But you might still want to talk with Sam." Cas reminds him kindly.

<br>

Sam is more than supportive of the idea of going back to be a human, compared to becoming an archangel, or a soul, or a ghost. Just like Dean.

Dean is just about to clap and announce it's settled, when he sees Cas's still pensive expression.

"What are you thinking?" He nudges the angel who's been a little too quiet during their discussion.

"But being an archangel would allow you to make changes all around here," Cas says carefully. "Heaven is still not fully stable or at its full working capacity, with all the angels it lost during the pandemic. Before Chuck comes back to make more angels, Heaven could really use some extra support."

Dean studies him. "Do you *want* me to become an archangel? Like Michael II?" he asks quietly.

"It's your choice," Cas says quickly, not nodding or shaking his head.

"You do." Dean reads his face. "Okay, why?"

Cas licks his lips, ducking his head. "Apart from making Heaven a better place for all the souls of your passed family and friends to live, it's purely selfish." He lifts his head again, meeting Dean's eyes, his look close to guilty for even wanting that, for saying that. "When you're not mortal, we'll have more time. Us. For eternity."

"Holy, Cas, never take you for the 'Happily ever after' type." Dean runs a hand over his face, choked by feelings for a second.

"I'll let you guys decide, then." Sam smoothly slides off the round table.

Dean considers, while having a hand mindlessly rubbing Cas's. "What about this: we spend one full lifetime down there, me as a human. Then whenever I bite it, I take up the position if that job offer is still available? I'm not leaving you behind or anything, don't worry."

"I'd like that," Cas answers quietly, eyes gleaming with joy. His lips curl into a small smile.

Dean grins with him. "It's settled then."
