---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】The Tear, The Hole, The Empty（1）
date: 2025-02-19 00:11
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester", "Jack Kline"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 DCRB
long_novels: 【Destiel】The Tear, The Hole, The Empty
---

*NO.*

*No, no, no, no, this is not happening.*

Dean feels his body moving forward, reaching out. Lips trembling.

*Cas.*

He cries out his name, matching his gaze. His throat is not working. But he's shouting the angel's name. *Cas, Cas --*

But Castiel does not hear him. His shouts are buried inside. Dean watches the teary smile, pinned frozen by the pained happiness in his eyes. The most hopeless, devastated happiness he's ever seen. And yet, it's happiness that he can see. It's Cas's happiness that he's witnessing, for the first time. And the last.

"Don't do this, Cas." his lips move. He pleads. His heart pounds as hard as Billie's fists against the door. The countdown to their deaths. Their separation. For eternity.

*Don't.*

His eyes are burning hot. He can't cry. Not now. Not when tears will blur his vision of the angel. Of Cas. Of Cas when he said he --

Dean breathes hard.

*Don't do this, Cas... Don't say goodbye. Don't leave me.*

Dean's mind is saying, screaming, he doesn't know if his lips follow. He can't breathe. His stomach twists the entire internal upside down, stirs into scramble, churning.

*Don't go, Cas. Don't die... Please.*

And then, all is over. Like a dream. A bad dream waking up. Or a good one interrupted.

There is just silence. Dead, empty, hopeless silence all over him. All around him.

No Cas.

No Cas anymore.

Forever. He said. Gone.

He just lost him. Again.

Dean's eyes burn boiling hot. He can't hold back anymore.

For the first time in a long time, he cries. It all happened so fast. Too fast then, too slow now. And too many times. Every second stretches -- seconds to minutes, minutes to hours, hours to eternity. Cas's last words echo in his mind, looping over and over.

He should have said something back. Why is there always so little time. Why does it always have to be goodbye.

The world is ending, outside. Dean buries his face between his knees, staring at the vibrating phone with Sam's name on it, realizing, distantly. But his world just ended. Already. Right in front of him. In a big pile of black ether.

<br>

Dean doesn't know how he managed to get out of the bunker, into the car, onto the road. The body did all the motions. He's not there. Not really.

There is no one on the road. He doesn't even notice at first -- not until he's on the road for far too long. The world is horribly wrong, but somehow the quiet, the emptiness, the silence outside the window feels right. It might feel worse if the Earth continued spinning and there were people still talking, laughing, living --

When Cas is gone.

Sam and Jack are waiting for him. The duty of saving the world still waits for him.

Dean drags himself out of the car. Feeling way too tired to focus on what comes next. *Why does it always have to be them?* But in the end, Cas sacrificed for him so he could do his job, Cas *loved* him for being good at it, for caring, for saving, for doing what he does, didn't he?

Dean walks toward them.

Everyone's eyes are full of grief. Everyone for a different reason.

Dean doesn't know if he can say anything, about what happened, or do anything, next. He feels the head dizzy, too heavy, dragging his body down. His whole body feels sick. Numb and sluggish. Shutting down.

*This can't be happening. Cas, the world, any of it.* Worse than the worst nightmare he's ever had. Is it still not the time to snap out of the bad dream?

"Where is Cas?" Two steps away from them, Jack is the first to ask. Sam looks at him with the same question in his eyes.

Another mountainous wave of sickness crashes over him. There is no word, more than sorrow, more than grief. What's the word for this ocean of pressure on his chest like water flushing him up and down, engulfing him, dragging him under the surface? He's breathless. Drowning.

*Lost.*

This is the word. *Lost.*

He can't look Jack in the eyes. How do you tell a son that his father is gone? Gone for him. *Because* of him.

But he has to say it. Sooner or later.

Dean swallows hard. There are blades in his throat. Every swallow, every syllable, the words are cutting him anew. Bleeding never stops. Wounds that will never heal again.

They already know the answer. Just by looking at him. The mess he is. But he has to say it. *Cas is... Cas...* He chokes at the thought. *Cas is gone.*

Dean forces the words out, one word at a time. Eventually. "Cas saved me."

He tells them about the deal -- the deal he only learned about moments before Cas was taken, the deal Jack had known all along but never said a word about.

He tells them all that he knows, except for the truth.

The truth of what Cas's true happiness was.

But none of them are fools.

Jack has sparkling tears in his eyes too. Dean only now realizes so belatedly just how close they must have been -- father and son. The bond he never really looked close enough.

But Jack smiles, looking into Dean's eyes. "But I'm glad," the kid says. "At least before he was gone, you gave him what made him truly happy. What he always wanted. Did you kiss him?"

Dean can't breathe. "What?"

Jack blinks, somehow surprised. "Please tell me you at least hugged him?"

Dean stares, speechless.

The kid -- barely three years old and practically knows nothing about how human emotions work, yet somehow able to sense so acutely -- widens his eyes. "You didn't give him *anything*? Then how... how did Cas find his true happiness?"

How indeed.

His stomach roils and lurches. Dean turns around, can't bear their eyes for one more second. Can't bear the thoughts crawling inside his own head one more second.

*Cas doesn't deserve this. He doesn't deserve Cas's...*

He didn't give him *anything*. He didn't even...

Dean forces his stare to stay on something in the distance, on the skyline, staring so long without blinking that tears fall down from the corner of his eyes again.

The world is mourning with him. The empty silence in the universe. The vacuum in existence, the tear in reality, the hole in the heart.

There is no bird singing, no dog barking, no human talking. No sound, no laughter, no life, because --

Cas is gone. So nothing is whole again. Nothing will ever be. Or it is just how Dean sees it -- would see it, even if it's not the reality.
