---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】The Tear, The Hole, The Empty（4）
date: 2025-02-21 02:56
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester", "Jack Kline", "Sam Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 DCRB
long_novels: 【Destiel】The Tear, The Hole, The Empty
---

*No. This is not happening. Dean can't possibly be this stupid...*

Cas feels his heart clutch and squeeze. Or is it the Empty pulling at and poking it, nearly snapping it out of his chest?

"Enjoying the show?" The voice sounds behind him. Cas grimaces.

"This is not real." He glares at the entity. This has to be a lie, just to... to what? Make him give up? Surely Dean can't really make *that* decision? With all he knows, he still decided to stay behind?

The Shadow laughs. "But it is. As real as you and me -- or, well, just me."

The sensation from his body pales in comparison to what is happening inside his mind now. The desperation and sorrow hit harder than ever, and then, there is anger. Anger at himself for not being there, anger at Dean for making stupid decisions like he always does, anger at the world and the Empty for eternally teasing them, playing with them without end.

Bitterness, sourness, pain, angst -- every feeling mixed and blended together like a big thick bowl of emotion soup. The black ether of emptiness pokes into his brain, churning through them, scooping them up.

"But don't worry," the Shadow smiles, its grin widening merrily. "The show isn't over yet. You can take your time."

<br>

Sam is outrageous.

It takes Dean six months to figure out how to gather some of his spiritual strength and finally shows up as a semi-transparent form. Sam nearly shoots him with a rock salt gun.

"What the hell, Dean?" Sam growls, putting the gun down.

Dean tries to give him a smile but doesn't quite carry. "I had to."

"You *had to*?" Sam raises his brows. "What, like something here is keeping you so you can't go? Or some unfinished business?"

Dean doesn't want to make it so obvious, but his head just tilts enough of an angle to give it all away.

Sam breathes out sharply. "It's about Cas, isn't it? You still believe you can bring him back?" Dean gives a silent, ghostly nod. "It's been five years, Dean! There's no proof or anything giving us any sign that Cas can still *be* brought back! You can't possibly turn yourself into a vengeful spirit just for such a long shot."

"But it's still a shot. So I'll just keep trying," Dean snaps, not really listening to other things his brother has to say. Guess Death was right -- being a ghost limits your focus. You can only think about one thing, and for Dean, that's enough.

Sam smiles sadder than he saw him that time they were splitting half a dozen pies at the Pie Fest.

"Don't you dare salt-and-burn me now," Dean warns, reading his face, knowing what's in his mind. "I just need a bit more time, that's all."

"Except I already did." Sam gives him a glance before averting the look again as if he can't bear looking at him in this form for too long. "So if there is nothing else keeping you here, I guess thinking straight and accepting the truth is the only way to be free."

*But I am accepting the truth.* Dean thinks. *Just not the truth they think they know.*

Cas's look at him that night in the bunker. Cas's tears, his smile, and then... Cas's confession. The big secret truth.

It took Dean one second to realize it *was* the truth -- has always been, will always be, for both of them, for the longest time either can remember. But it only took the Empty half a second to be summoned and take Cas away.

Too slow. Too little. Too late.

So he can't give up, can't let go, can't move on. Dean decides. He just can't.

<br>

Dean doesn't expect to see Jack back in the bunker so soon again. Sam leads him to the dining table.

"I, uh, prepared too much dinner. Thought you might want a family dinner once in a while, you know." Sam sets an empty plate in front of the kid, scooping him a large spoonful of mashed potatoes. Jack looks like just a kid again, especially as he sits at the bunker's dining table, eating homemade mashed potatoes with chicken and sprouts -- Sam's specialty.

"Thank you, Sam," Jack tells him, enjoying the food. Sam watches him from across the table, gripping his spoon far too tightly, having the saddest smile. The corners of his eyes glisten with something wet.

Jack sees his face, putting down the spoon slowly. "Sam?"

"It's just... really good to see you again," Sam manages, forcing whatever food he was holding down the pipe, swallowing hard.

"I'm sorry about Dean," Jack says. All-knowingly. With a quieter voice than usual.

Sam looks up fast. "So you know."

"Of course I know. I'm God, remember?"

"Yes, yeah... umm." Sam pauses, glancing around, as if expecting someone to join them. He doesn't see Dean's flickering spiritual form. "Do you think there is any chance you can help get Dean out of this ghost phase? Please?"

Jack follows his gaze, checking around, also not seeing Dean, but he must have checked beyond just the bunker's dining room. "I can," the young God says. "But is that also what Dean wants?"

Sam puts down the food, almost snapping, but forces the voice controlled at the last minute. "Dean doesn't know what he's doing! He can't think straight these last few years ever since Cas was gone, he's certainly not in the right state of mind to make the decision to stay a ghost!"

"I heard he's been praying... to Cas, all the time." Jack is not affected by Sam's sudden rising voice.

Sam lowers his head sheepishly. "I think so too. I mean, I didn't hear it all the time, he didn't always say the words out loud, but yeah... wouldn't be surprised if he did."

"And you don't think it would work?" Jack asks him, his tone neutral.

Sam glances around. "Five years should be enough if it could work, right? But Cas is still not here. Guess that says it all."

"Maybe it needs ten years. Or longer." Dean pops up not far from them, leaning on the doorframe, his ghostly shape flickering for a second before stabilizing into his figure. "Ever heard of that shepherd's boy and the bird story? The bird that sharpens its beak on the diamond mountain every hundred years?"

"Hello, Dean," Jack turns to him, smiling a little. Dean nods at him in return, the same gentle smile.

"But you won't stay a ghost for five more years and still in your own mind, Dean! You wouldn't even remember your own name, who you are, what you've been through!" Sam rushes desperately.

"But I'd still remember the one thing keeping me here," Dean states, calm and matter-of-fact. "That I have to bring Cas home."

Sam gives a raspy exhale, turning back to Jack. "Jack, please, he wouldn't listen to me. Maybe he'll listen to you."

Jack fixes his gaze on Dean's form, only the tiniest twitch in his expression showing it's not as stoic as he was trying to maintain. "Do you really think you can bring Cas back? Do this one thing I couldn't do?"

Dean meets the kid's eyes, finding it as earnest as he'd found back when he was merely a newborn looking for his father, the very raw and bare look of a son, a child missing his father. Dean can't help swallowing hard.

"Yes," he tells him. "At least I will try my damn hardest, because, like you said, we all want him back terribly badly."

"Okay then," Jack nods and smiles, turning back to Sam. "I think it's okay then."

*The kid wants Cas back probably just as much as Dean, no wonder.* Sam realizes then, more than ever, that the new God is actually still *just* Jack, a three-year-old who loves Castiel like a father.

Jack flies away after dinner, after hanging around for a moment to help with the dishes and feed the dog.

Dean pops away as well, shortly after.
