---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】The Tear, The Hole, The Empty（7）（completed）
date: 2025-03-02 17:22
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester", "Jack Kline"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文", "已完结"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 DCRB
long_novels: 【Destiel】The Tear, The Hole, The Empty
---

The ground is solid, the tree is standing, the sun shines warm on their faces, leaving their silhouettes behind.

Dean breathes out, "God, it's good to be back."

Castiel closes his eyes, feeling the warmth of sunshine sink into his skin, sniffing the scent of grass in the air.

"It's real," he murmurs in agreement, still minor unbelievable. "We're back, and alive."

That is when he feels the arms around him, tight. Arms of the kid.

"Jack!" he holds him, patting his back.

"I missed you so much," Jack tells him, not stoic, not god-like, voice trembling even.

Cas tells him, soft, "Me too." And then, "Dean told me all about you, how everything was going well while I was away. I'm proud."

The kid beams brightly, like all the kids approved by their father. "I did my best." then, his gaze lowers. "Except for this one thing I couldn't do, I'm sorry I couldn't bring you back. How did you do that? Or how did Dean...?"

Cas glances toward Dean, who's standing not far away, sharing a heartfelt reunion hug with his brother now. "The oldest rule of the universe, I think. Love can conquer anything."

Jack hesitates, but curiosity still makes him wonder aloud, "Did Dean finally give you what you wanted most?"

Cas smiles, nodding without a doubt. "Yes. He did. Everything."

<br>

"So, what now? You wanna keep hunting? Or retired, take an extended vacation by the beach? Or like Bobby used to do, a new command center, training newbies?" Sam is the one who asks.

"Anything, hell, all of that." Dean shrugs. "Now we just, *live*. After everything we fought for, we never got to really *live* in this world, to enjoy life as promised, with all the peace and freedom and happiness. I mean, isn't it about bloody time? The paradise on Earth?"

"The paradise on Earth," Cas echoes, eyes gleaming. "Like the one Jack showed me a long time ago." He turns to the kid, realization settling in. "You never said it would be perfect, or Heaven-like, or monster-free, but it would be a world we could live, and love, and simply, *be*."

"And be *together*." Dean amends, emphasizing. This is important.

They share looks, smiling, understanding. Happy.

Full.

So it is decided. It is how life is going to be now -- there will be a *life*, finally.
