---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】The Tear, The Hole, The Empty（2）
date: 2025-02-19 02:34
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester", "Jack Kline", "Sam Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 DCRB
long_novels: 【Destiel】The Tear, The Hole, The Empty
---

And then, there is the end of it. Just like all the finish lines of every other world-ending events, the good wins the evil, the "happy" ending where people celebrate. Chuck gets taken out, and Jack becomes the new God. So everything is settled.

Except, there is no celebration. Only mourning. Only a funeral.

They don't even have a body to burn.

Dean brings a trench coat that looks exactly the same as Cas's old one to the pyre. The pyre he insists on chopping and stacking all by himself.

Something about a ceremonial memorial.

Jack comes. Standing besides Sam and Dean. A deja vu of three years ago.

And the kid -- the new God -- apparently remembers what Sam taught him last time.

He says thank you, then says sorry, and at last, says goodbye.

Dean can't say anything. Eyes red, bloody and glassy, looking straight into the burning flames, watching scraps of fabric catch the wind and fly in the air.

He remembers standing right here watching Cas's body burn like this, three years ago. Watching the body wrapped by the white curtain turn to char, believing that was the end of Cas. The pain had nearly destroyed him back then. He doesn't know how he survived that -- or maybe he wouldn't have, if Cas hadn't come back. But he did, Cas came back. So maybe, just maybe, this time, luck can be on their side again? With a miracle and the new God on their side?

Dean's knees give way. Jack is startled. "Dean!"

Dean can't care about whether it's appropriate -- not to a boy who is like his son, not to a new and high celestial authority like the others he never knelt before. He can't think about any of that, he can only think of one thing -- one person.

"You have to bring him back." Dean chokes out, teary, looking up at the kid from low, pleading in a way he never has to anyone, for anyone, at any time. "You're the God now, Jack. I'll only ask you for this one thing and never trouble you again, but you *have* to bring Cas back."

"Dean--" Jack holds his arms and helps him up. His eyes are as clean and innocent as they used to be, as deep and sad just as Cas looked like, near the end. This is a miracle in itself that Jack even looks like Cas. But what he says is a blow to Dean's head.

Jack says, "I can't, Dean. I'm sorry. I tried, but it didn't work."

*But he did it last time, even before he knew what he could do, didn't he? He must be able to do it again.* Dean thinks, hard, arguing, and tells him so.

"God has no power in the Empty," Jack tells him, factually. "Not even I know how my pray reached Cas and woke him up last time. Maybe it's just because I wanted him back really, really bad."

*But I want him back just as bad. More. It has to be more.* Dean thinks, this time he doesn't say it out loud.

"Okay." He says, instead. "Guess I'll just keep praying."

<br>

And he does. Just like he said.

Dean prays every day and night. He prays to Cas every time he thinks of him, every time something reminds him of the angel. He prays in silence, in whispers, and in words.

He pours a cup of coffee from the bunker's coffee machine, and thinks, "Cas, didn't you use to order coffee from the Biggerson's?" He contemplates at the steaming hot bitter liquid. "Want to come by and try this one? Bet homemade is better than those premade ones."

He turns on the TV, flipping through a few channels until he stops at a nature channel, watching the creatures with the most bewildering names roaming and chasing, hunting and mating. Dean scoots over on the couch even without himself realizing, leaving half the space vacant as if someone is just going to walk straight into the room, sit next to him, share his popcorn and enjoy the show.

"You'd like this, wouldn't you, Cas?" he talks to the bowl of popcorn, then at the screen. Some creature on the screen chirps back at him in response. "Never could get you into westerns, but you know what? Nature works for me. You hear me? So better move your ass down here and don't keep me waiting."

The other side of the sofa stays cold.

<br>

Sam tries to talk to him once or twice. Or three times. But Dean brushes him off.

"You're praying to him again, aren't you?" Sam catches him staring at a plate of bacon with far too much attention one morning. "It won't work. And you know that. The denial, the pretense, all those stages. Dean, as much as I feel you, you have to move on. It's not healthy. Excuse me for saying this, but you were exactly like this when Dad was gone, and then when Mom was gone. Now with Cas... It's like it's getting even worse. Man, you need to buck up. I'm sorry, but he's gone, and he's not coming back this time."

Dean doesn't need to look at him to know the pitifulness in his brother's drooping puppy eyes. Sam doesn't know what he knows, how can he feel what he feels? Dean continues fiddling with his bacon with a fork, eyes focused on it but not looking.

"You never know," Dean throws a glance at Sam's general direction, not meeting his eyes. "Cas came back from the Empty before, maybe he just needs a little help to come back again. Hell, Nick woke *Lucifer* up from the Empty just by *thinking* about him strong enough, because that sicko thought he *wanted* the Devil back. Maybe we just haven't *wanted* strong enough? So quit talking me out of it, you should join me praying and thinking and *wanting*, we might bring Cas home faster."

Sam sighs. He might have said something about that was when Chuck was still around, maybe rules worked differently back then, maybe that mechanism expired with Chuck gone. Because... because certainly anyone with eyes can see if Dean's *want* is not strong enough, then no one's would ever be. Dean stops listening.

Sam leaves the kitchen without another word.

Dean just keeps doing what he's determined to do. Thinking, praying, wanting, yearning -- whatever you call it, whatever the universe or the Empty can work with -- he's taking Cas home. Even if it's the last thing he'd ever do for the rest of his life.

<br>

The fact is, the emotions *do* get transmitted into the Empty like a laser beam, shining brightly into the corner where the sleeping angel lies.

"Cas." Dean's voice knocks at his temple.

"Cas. We need you. *I* need you." Cas stirs in his eternal sleep, his body -- the body that is materializing slowly in the Empty -- twitches.

"Cas, please--" Dean is definitely crying. The muffled sound, the wet choking sniff, the pained desperate gasp, pierces through Castiel's sleeping ears, reaching deep down, tugging.

The angel opens his eyes, looking into the pure blackness before him.

*The Empty.* Castiel recognizes this place instantly. Arriving and fumbling around for the third round does make one get familiar with a place, want or not.

Cas stands up -- he can't see or feel his body, or the ground, or the air, the Empty is truly *empty*, but he thinks about the motion anyway, trying to anchor himself somewhere, instead of flowing in the pure void nothingness.

He anchors himself to the voice reaching him consistently -- Dean's voice.

Dean's voice that is calling his name, begging and pleading, among other things he's telling him, the random small daily human life things, the coffee, the popcorn, the bacon -- all the things that are on the Earth, with color and shape and texture and taste, all the things that are real enough and certainly *not empty*. He anchors his entire existence on it.

Cas thinks he can see his own body now -- finally solidified. The small amount of space closest to him lit up by some lumination radiating from something inside his chest.

He chooses a direction, and starts walking.

<br>

"Aren't you that annoying little bug, buzzing in my head again?" Not very surprised this time, the shadowy "friendly neighborhood cosmic entity" that is the personalization of the Empty takes shape several steps behind him -- the shape of himself.

Cas turns to it, looking at the Shadow that is so alike to his own reflection but also nothing close.

"Yes," he says, squinting, silently challenging, betting his chance. "It's me again. And I'm awake again."

The Shadow makes a truly annoyed sound. Cas wonders if the same trick and bargain could work twice.

"I know what you're thinking," it gloats. "Don't think for a second I'll let you go back again."

"Why not?" Cas straightens, head held high. He has to go back, one way or another -- he can't keep Dean waiting. He certainly can't let Dean sound like that broken for one more minute.

*How long has he been asleep?* Cas wonders. *How long has he made Dean so sad? Did they manage to win the ultimate fight and get their peace and freedom?* There are still so many things he wants to know, so many words to say. Even if nothing else, he wants so bad to just *be* there, by his side. In the end, it's all about just *being*, as he realized, isn't it? But he needs to *be*.

"Because," the cosmic entity says, tone mocking. "You would just keep popping in, and I have to keep popping you out. What am I, an amusement park ticket seller? This is just another theme park to you, you annoying undead creature?"

Castiel thinks hard. "I'll be careful this time," he says solemnly. "Won't disturb you for another eon, I promise."

The Shadow scoffs. "That's not the deal we made, remember? The deal was, you summon me, and I *own* you. Permanently. Period. No new deal, no nothing. Did you forget, everything comes to the Empty, stays in the Empty? Shouldn't have let you out the first time."

*So no deal then.* Cas thinks bitterly. What are his chances of scraping for something else?

"Okay, I stay here," he speaks as he considers, "but I assure you I won't go back to sleep. So what do you have in plan for the eternity to spend with me?"

Castiel aims for a smirking smile, thinking it's what Dean would say. "I hope you have a big enough stock of board games and DVD collections. I finished binging *Game of Thrones*, by the way."

The Shadow roars. Black hollow ether spraying and splashing like dirty water in waste pipes.

"What about I torture you for eternity, while you watch what you can never go back to, until you give up what you're holding on to and finally go back to sleep like a good boy should?"

At that, the view overhead opens up. For a split of second, Cas thinks he might be having hallucinations -- that he is flying among the clouds again like he used to, long ago, taking an upside-down swirl, looking down at the Winchesters' house from high above. The view clears. Through the ceiling of the bunker, he sees the brothers. Walking, talking, occasionally throwing some cold jokes at each other, but the smiles barely reach eyes for either of them.

He finds Dean, quickly. His eyes scrutinize him. Cas has no sense of time here, but Dean looks so much more worn out than he used to. His body is the same familiar shape as he memorized and built all these years ago, but it has aged, weathered by time that no one has control over. The wrinkled crow's foot, the dark bags under his eyes, the constant furrow between his brows. *How long has he been gone really?* Dean looks tired -- so drained that all strength has been sapped from his limbs, from his whole body. His head is low, fingers loosely clutching a bottle of alcohol, slumping into a chair. Is he crying?

And then, Dean's words reach him again. The familiar sound of this man -- this brilliant, beautiful man -- but so rusty. Cas's mind wanders afar. *Did Dean ever cry?* Cas has never seen him like that before. Is Dean feeling so sad all for him, because of him? The guilt of having to leave him like this crushes his heart.

Dean is saying, "Cas, I -- I probably should give up, like Sam said. But I can't. I just can't. With other people, after some time, maybe I can move on. But not you, Cas. Not you. I don't know why, but --" his voice chokes. "I just can't. Every time I think you might be in the Empty, alone, asleep, surrounded by other dead angels and demons, like in a giant awful graveyard. I -- I can't. No way I'd leave you there."

Dean glances upward. Cas's heart skips a beat, as if for that split moment their gazes might have met. But he realizes the impossibility just as quickly.

Dean continues, "I just hope you can hear me, Cas. With everything we lost, I can't lose you again. Not like this. You have to wake up, you understand? Come back to me. Talk to me. Let me know how I can help bring you back, because --" his voice breaks with a wet sound again, "because there are so many things I want to tell you."

Cas has to tear his eyes away from the view above. The opening in the Empty doesn't look like a real gate, more like a huge projector screen on the ceiling. No way through except to look.

"Is it real?" he asks, dubiously, redundantly. Dean's voice already tells the answer, but he has to ask.

"Very," the tip of the Shadow's lip jerks up. This entity is clearly enjoying itself too much.

"Why? Why show me all this, but not let me go back?"

"Because I want to punish you!" The Shadow scolds. "You're loud, you're annoying, and bad boys get punished. So consider this your eternal punishment. Hey, on the bright side, you get to watch your boyfriend from here for eternity -- oh wait, only until he dies -- while you, I assure you, will find that going back to sleep would simply be a far better option."

At that, the pain starts, in his body and mind. Black ether of emptiness shapes and wraps around him, acting like ropes and whips and knives. Everywhere it touches, the existence does not. Cutting him, piercing him, drilling holes, then reaching through the wounds, reaching deep inside. And when it retreats temporarily, Cas finds himself healed, wounds filled with fresh-grown, newly-materialized bones and flesh -- only to be cut open and drilled and minced, again, and again. Like Prometheus and the Greek eagle, with the repeatedly eaten and regrown liver. Trapped and punished for eternity.

Cas almost laughs. If he gets to be punished like Prometheus, that surely means he finally did something good, right? Saved the humans. Saved Dean.

If the Empty thinks *this* can make him succumb, then it doesn't know him very well.

Cas lets the sensation of pain and agony rest at the periphery of his mind, looking up through the projection at Dean again, smiling.

*If this is the cost to pay, if this is what can keep Dean safe, then it's all worth it.*

"Dean," he murmurs, knowing too well the human couldn't hear him from the Earth, but Cas says it anyway. "Don't worry about me. Just, go live your life. Be yourself. Be happy."

He chews on his own words, considering, then says it again. "I'm already happy enough, Dean. Now it's your turn. You should find your true happiness -- without me."
