---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death（Chap.2）Heaven on Edge（1）
date: 2024-11-05 01:48
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 DCBB
long_novels: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death
---

Dean walks back to the Impala with a gloomy face, bending over the roof with fingers folded, frowning so hard into the deep space as if he can use the bare stare to tear open the air and squeeze himself into Heaven to help.

"Uh," Sam clears his throat to get his attention, "you want to find a place to rest? He can take days, you know, in case you're thinking about waiting here all the time."

"I'm not leaving until he's back." Dean snaps, his voice way too harsh than necessary. "You see the state he's in just now, he'll need us when he comes back." He thinks and adds, "And he might come back anytime."

"Right." Sam lets out a light sound that's almost like a chuckle if not counting the deep worry, "That's what I thought."

They wait in silence for a long while.

The sun sets down quickly. Dean doesn't pay any attention.

Sam shuffles his feet to keep body warm as the night falls, he asks bluntly, "Is this how things like when you guys were in the Purgatory?"

Dean tilts his head towards him, shooting him a questioning look.

"You know, the whole 'not leaving without him' thing." Sam adds quietly, and then quickly shakes his head, "Sorry, didn't mean to bring it up, you probably still don't want to talk about it."

"Yes." Dean suddenly unlocks, much to Sam's surprise.

"Exactly like Purgatory." he continues, "Even more so when it's time to leave. It's like..." he trails off, getting lost in his memory. The image of Cas grabbing his hands and then slipping back into the monster land is still too vivid, still burns his eyes hot. Even after Cas told him the truth, this is still the memory that hit him more than it should.

"Like what?" Sam's voice brings his mind back.

"Like I can never grab anyone's hand tight enough to pull them out of misery and pain, to really save them. They're just, always, slipping from the hold. Taken away. Lost." Dean's voice cracks, his eyes reflected with shiny stars of lights. "All the time."

He keeps his eyes straight into the dark night, doesn't move for the slightest until the shininess slowly slips away.

"Dean." Sam sighs, putting a hand on his brother's shoulder briefly, "Cas will come back, he promised. He always come back to us, to you."

Dean gives him a small grateful nod. "He better does." he says huskily, "Otherwise I'll go find him myself and kick his ass."

Sam lets out a short laugh.

The air feels more breathable now.
