---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death（Chap.1）Here We Go, Again（3）
date: 2024-11-04 01:22
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 DCBB
long_novels: 【Destiel】Angel Black Death
---

Cas rummages through the drawers in the stock room, making all kinds of noises as random items get moved around.

"There." After a few minutes, Cas fetches a wooden box out of the top drawer, taking it back to the library table.

Inside the box, there is a syringe and a flask. The wooden brown cover of the flask has some mysterious illegible markings and patterns on it, so it might be somewhat unusual or magical, while the syringe looks just ordinary enough to blend in any hospital.

"That's it?" Dean eyes them curiously, somehow expecting something fancier.

"Yes." Cas hands him both items, "You can use that to extract my life force and store them in the flask. I expect you may need to repeat the process a few times before I'm drained."

Dean swallows, he doesn't like how the word "drained" sounds like, not at all.

"You sure it's safe?" Dean takes the two things from him, feeling uneasy.

"No," Castiel answers in a low but steady voice, "but as you say, we may not have a better option. I would hope we can execute the process near the gate, so I don't need to stay in the feeble state for longer time than necessary."

Dean pulls a cheerless smile, "Don't use the word 'execute', will you, buddy? Now I feel like an executioner."

Sam clears his throat behind them to remind the timing.

Dean turns to the garage. "I'll get Baby ready in five."
