---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Unfinished Business（Chap.3）（2）
date: 2025-12-21 23:27
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 SPN AU Big Bang
long_novels: 【Destiel】Unfinished Business
---

For the rest of the week, they finish going through all the traffic cams they can find, and come out with zero clue.

Dean closes the last video file, slumping back into the chair, pressing the heels of his palms into his eyes. He can feel his eyes sore and hot under the pressure.

He heaves a sigh with closed eyes. "This might be a good thing," he says.

Cas shifts beside him, the air flow rustling the notes on the desk. "How can this be a good thing? We're no closer to finding out the killer than a week ago."

Dean lowers his hands. "We checked every vehicle and everyone leaving the area in the first couple of hours after it happened, which means whoever the killer is, they probably didn't escape the area. Which means they probably just live here, locally, which means they probably knew you, which means, if we are lucky, you might also know them, and have run into them. Then it's not a random sociopath case; it's a targeted revenge. Then all we need to do is to find out who held a grudge against you; is it from work or from personal life. And if we figure out where you work, where you used to go or meet, chat with some of your friends, we might find them."

Cas stares at him with an astonishing look, mixed with awe and amusement.

Dean pauses. "What? What did I say?"

"Are you sure you're just a sales manager?" Cas can't help asking. "You sound like a professional detective, or police. Are you an undercover, Dean?"

Dean chuckles. "I would hope so, but nah, no." He pauses for a second, thinking over what he just said, starting to see why Cas was impressed. "But you know what, this felt so natural, like my brain just knows what to do, what to look. I might just be a natural, or something."

"You would make a great detective." Cas nods.

"Tell me that when we crack the case," Dean grins back, sitting straight again, typing "Castiel Novak" into the search box.

"I wish I could have remembered something about me," Cas watches him searching, saying woefully, "what did I do, what was I like, who did I use to befriend. Now I just feel like a stranger to myself."

"Don't worry, we can try to re-meet you." Dean looks at him. "Isn't it nice to know yourself again, like catching up with an old friend? I know for sure I'd like to know about you, even if not for the case."

"Why?" Cas blurts out.

Dean blinks, only now realizing what he just said. He stutters slightly, "'Why?' I mean, isn't it... You're... hmm. You know what, I just have a feeling we could have been really good friends, you know? Apparently we have very similar tastes in the apartment, for one. I like what you did to the living room wall, or kitchen counter, or that queen-sized bed in the bedroom. I mean..."

He pauses and considers. "Don't take it the wrong way," he casts a fleeting look up and down Cas's figure, licking his suddenly too dry lips. "I was just thinking we might have a lot in common, or something."

Cas gazes at him a moment longer before answering, "Oh."

"'Oh'?" Dean raises his eyebrows, mocking gently. "That's all?"

"I --" Cas frowns slightly, lowering his head to think for a long second before speaking again. "I didn't know you liked the way the apartment looks. I still remember the day when I picked those sofas. The salesman kept trying to sell me the leather set, saying it was the latest trend, only that would fit my prestige. But I just couldn't quite understand why people would connect furniture with one's job or salary level. So I said no, working in one of the Big Four accounting firms didn't automatically make me start liking things people used to consider fancy. So I just picked the most comfortable ones."

Dean's eyes brighten up so dramatically, almost cartoonishly big. "Oh my god, you just remembered it!" His fingers start frantically typing again, adding the keyword "the big four accounting firm" into the search bar.

While waiting for the result to come out, he swivels in the chair, with a pleased smile. "Remember what I wrote the other day, on that draft paper? Even before we found out your name? I knew you were in the same industry as me, sales, business, accounting. You have that look too. And the suit helps. You see, I work in sales, and you just look like the kind of people I'd work with."

"But many people wear suits, not just those from the business industry," Cas counters.

"Yeah, but there's just a... " Dean makes a gesture, waving his hands between the two of them, motioning to say the similarity between them, "a temperament, or, I don't know, psychics might call it an aura field, or something. Not that I believe those kinds of things, but sometimes you do instinctively just can tell."

The website finishes loading the information, Dean turns back to the screen.

"There you are," he clicks open the company staff page of PwC, Ohio branch. Cas's name is at the top of the list. Dean reads the text out loud, "Castiel Novak, tax audit manager, graduated from UIUC with an accounting major, started working there twelve years ago."

"Accounting major! I remember that too," Cas takes a breath. "My brother and I argued about what major to take. We were both admitted to UIUC and NYU, but we decided UIUC would be closer to home. He picked marketing and became a sales provider, and I graduated to do tax auditing. Amelia used to say we should have some company of our own, since we covered all the most important business side of the work."

"And I could join your company, too," Dean says immediately, pointing a finger at himself. "Business major from Stanford, I can do all the sales and marketing work, like I'm doing right now for the Sandovers. If only I had known you twelve years ago..."

"If only..." Cas murmurs in agreement.

Dean scrolls the page down even further, to find an office address. He notes it down on his phone. It's actually not far from the apartment.

"What do you say, let's pay a visit to your company tomorrow?" Dean looks hopefully at Cas. "We might find more people remember you, know what you're like, know what might have happened. So you know, you can see you must still get friends, and you're remembered. And give us some leads for the case."

Upon mentioning the case, Cas's figure falls more gloomy again, but nods and agrees quietly. "That sounds like a good idea, except... you'll have to go alone."

Dean almost forgets about that again. He looks down at his phone for a second, then promises, "I'll let you know everything once I come back."

<br>

The next two days are the weekend, and Cas's old workplace doesn't open. Which means not much investigation to do, which means for the first time in over two weeks, Dean finally gets some real rest.

He wakes up to a dull rainy sound outside the window, the room feels dim and chilly.

Dean lies on his bed for a moment longer, staring at the ceiling, feeling a little out of place. *How come he suddenly can't remember what he'd usually do when he didn't share the room with a ghost or have a murder investigation to do on a lazy weekend?*

Dean chuckles at himself slightly. Just a little more than one week, he's already getting used to two things he didn't think he would ever have: his roommate is a ghost, and the said roommate is a dorky, hot guy who he knew he would have been a good friend with if he had known him earlier.

He leaves the bed, still thinking about that second point, wondering if befriending a ghost is still an option, or if it would just be too weird.

Cas greets him with a good morning from the living room, standing close to the closed window.

The ceiling-to-floor window's handle has a thin layer of ice covering it, with frost expanding to another few inches on the other glass. Some dry water marks on the floor before the window.

Dean stares at the window, then looks at Cas with a small frown. "What did you do?"

Cas gestures to the outside with his left hand. "It was raining."

"Yes, I can see that," Dean answers flatly, tilting his head.

"And you were sleeping. I didn't want to wake you, but the window was open, and the rain kept coming into the room." Cas rubs the white mist that should form his right hand, but right now a little dissipated. "So I closed the window."

Dean's eyes land on his hand, frowning. He walks closer, saying slowly, "Is the handle made of steel?"

Cas shrugs slightly. "I didn't know. But it must be some kind of metal. Stainless steel, probably. So it's not as bad as iron." He tries to hide his hand behind his back.

"Let me see it." Dean stands before him, reaching a hand toward Cas.

Cas sighs quietly, holding out his right hand. The white mist at the end of his right wrist isn't connected consistently, just flowing around like a small white cloud in the wind.

Dean stares at it, his own fingers hovering around it, wanting to hold his wrist but not daring to touch. He feels a sick wrenching sensation in his gut again. He doesn't know what to do.

"Goddammit, you hurt yourself." Dean rubs his eyes tiredly. "How the hell am I supposed to find some ghost bandage for you?"

Cas takes his hand back. "I'm sure I'll be fine."

"I told you you didn't have to do anything for me." Dean stares at him.

"But I want to," Cas answers, quiet but firmly. "Can you not relate to the feeling that someone is doing something extremely important to you but you just aren't even real enough to show how appreciated you are? The necessity to just do something, anything, to make sure you don't owe them all the kindness?"

Dean swallows. He can relate. It turns out you don't need to be a ghost to relate to a ghost. But still, "Dammit Cas, you don't owe me anything, you hear me? I don't care about the window or the wet floor, I care --" He stops himself there, blinking at himself, and swallows again. "Anyway."

He turns to the kitchen, brewing his coffee of the day. "Don't do that again," he calls behind his back.

They spend the rest of the day watching *Beetlejuice*, *The Shining*, *Poltergeist*, and *The Sixth Sense*. And they come to a mutual agreement that most of the Hollywood ghost movies aren't very realistic, therefore, don't have much reference value. But according to Cas, it is still very nice to watch them with Dean and to understand many new references that Dean can use in the future if he wants.

Dean grins widely at that.
