---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Unfinished Business（Chap.3）（3）
date: 2025-12-22 14:27
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 SPN AU Big Bang
long_novels: 【Destiel】Unfinished Business
---

Dean takes half a day off on Monday morning to go to the accounting firm's office. Mr. Adler isn't happy to hear the last-minute meeting reschedule, and Dean messages him through the working chat that "he isn't feeling very well." Technically, it's not really a lie, he tells himself, he wouldn't be feeling very well if he doesn't help Cas figure this out, because he promised.

The young lady at the front desk, Anna, tells him he can talk with Hannah, Castiel's former coworker, when Dean tells her he's Castiel's friend, here to retrieve some of his office items.

Hannah meets him at the office lobby and leads him in.

"I didn't know Castiel had friends outside work," Hannah says, as she walks through the corridor between the cubicles. "Pardon me, I didn't mean to intrude," she shoots a guilty look at Dean, "but Cas, if you know him, he doesn't like to interact with many people."

"Yeah, I kind of can see that," Dean answers absentmindedly, glancing around the space.

Hannah leads him to a small office room. The title on the door reads "Tax Accounting Manager", but the name has already changed. Not "Castiel Novak" anymore, it's now saying "Sammandriel Milton".

Hannah follows his line of sight, apologizing, "We -- had to replace his position, you must understand. The company had to continue, after his tragedy."

"I understand," Dean answers in a polite business tone.

The room is neat -- honestly, too empty, if he has to say. The bookshelf along the wall is mostly occupied by business books and journals. Wind comes in through a tiny slit of the opened window, stirring the white blinds and the papers on the desk gently. The only non-working item on the table is a small pot plant. It's a cute pot that looks almost out of place among everything that's so business-looking, with its base looking like a cartoonish honey pot, overflown with honey dripping from the edge, decorated with a couple of bees. He doesn't know the name of the plant, but it's looking good, big green leaves stretching tall and straight. Dean knows immediately it must be Cas's.

He reaches out a hand, just about to point at the plant and ask, when a young man's voice sounds up behind him. "Apologies, Hannah, I didn't know we have a client visiting on-site today."

"He's not --" Hannah starts.

Dean turns around. A slim young man in a light blue suit stands behind him, with a small briefcase by his side.

"Sammandriel," the young man reaches a hand, and Dean shakes it.

"Dean Smith, friend of Castiel Novak."

"I didn't know Castiel had other friends," Sammandriel blurts out.

Hannah clears her throat. Sammandriel immediately understands, "Sorry, I didn't mean to..."

"It's okay." Dean gives them a professional reassuring smile. "Me and Cas --" he pauses there for a second before continuing smoothly, "I was out of state for a few years, we sort of dropped out of connection. I only recently heard about the tragedy. If you don't mind, I would very much like to know what he was like, in recent years, the way you knew him. As you said, he doesn't have many people left to remember him by." (Which is also mostly more or less true, he reasons with himself again, so he's not really lying to these people. Plus, he has good reasons.)

Hannah puts a gentle hand on his shoulder. "My condolences, Mr. Smith. Let's talk inside."

<br>

"Castiel was my manager for the past five years," Sammandriel starts. "I only got promoted because he... because the position became vacant."

Dean and Hannah sit down on the only two office chairs in the office, Sammandriel has to take out a backup folding chair from the back of the office to seat himself.

"And he was the best manager I've ever met. And the best man, I should say," Sammandriel says, starting to get a little emotional. "Nothing should ever happen to him like that. It's just so unfair."

Hannah nods in agreement. "He was a good man. He usually didn't talk much, but he was very observant, very good at and willing to help people, always putting everything and everyone else before himself. His work was almost flawless, and he kept good relationships with all his clients and coworkers. And he helped me get out of a really tricky situation a little more than five years ago, I would never forget."

"What happened?" Dean sits straight, turning to her.

Hannah shakes her head, looking in the window's direction, lost in thought. "A very tough client, you might say. I'm afraid I can't give you the name of the company or the person, as we still have the company's privacy restriction. Just know that the project was initially assigned to me. The client was not pleased with our consulting outcome, and they got a little... aggressive. Cas took it over from me, met with the client, and faced all the threats straight on. You could say he was the hero of the story."

"Threats?" Dean stares at her, sitting at the edge of the chair. "What kind of threat? Did you call the police?"

"I didn't actually know how it was solved in the end. Not long after that cooperation, the client was involved in a thorough investigation, their company was declared bankrupt, and he was found guilty of something. But that was all after our business contract finished, so I always thought it was just something entirely irrelevant to our company's business. We don't get nosy in our line of business, so I just never asked about more details." Hannah looks down at her hands, fingers twisting together.

Dean watches her closely. "You never asked Cas about it? How many years did that client get sentenced? Did they hold a grudge against him? Anything?"

Hannah can't meet his eyes. "I'm sorry."

"And the police? No one investigated that lead?" Dean's voice starts breaking. The bloody image of the whole family from the coroner's report comes back into his memory. He has to pinch himself to stay focused.

Hannah just shakes her head. "The police asked for all his working files and journal notes when he passed, but we didn't know anything else, or hear anything again. As far as I know, it was a random homicide, nothing personal with him or the company."

Sammandriel wipes the corners of his eyes quietly. "We had a small memorial gathering for him, but that's all. I still couldn't believe it."

Dean rises slowly from the chair. "Thank you," he says to them, really means it. "It means a lot to me, and to him, I'm sure, to know he's still remembered."

"He is, and always will be," Sammandriel says, a little shakenly.

Dean shakes hands with them.

He heads to the door, but pauses at the threshold, thinks for a second and turns back. Pointing at the pot plant, he asks Sammandriel, "Is that Cas's plant?"

The young man is slightly surprised, looking up at him with misty eyes. "Yes, I believe it is," he answers. "It's been always there since I moved into this office, and I've been watering it."

Dean wets his dried lips. "Would you mind if I have it? It's very important to me, and I would like to have something to remember him by."

Sammandriel shares a look with Hannah. Hannah gives him an encouraging nod.

The young man hesitantly strokes the leaves of the plant, before holding the pot up. "We all are," he says quietly, voice broken. "Sometimes I feel like he's still here when I look at it, but..." he straightens his arms to hand over the pot, "you're his friend. Knowing Cas, I'm sure he'll like you to have it." He gives a faint smile.

Dean almost feels too bad to take the plant, but he still does. "I'll take care of it," he promises, and leaves the office building.

<br>

Dean debates briefly whether he should go to work or drop the plant off at home first. He never missed work for nothing or took time off for no reason before, which is how he got promoted to the director's position in ten short years after graduation, but now he isn't sure if he wants to go to the office to join all those business meetings.

He palms the steering wheel of his loyal Prius, glancing at the plant on the passenger seat. He buckled it with the seat belt, and now the bee side is facing him. The leaves shake slightly when the wind comes in through the half-dropped window.

"Yeah, I know," Dean talks with the plant, starting the engine. "I'm thinking about him, too."

He drives straight home. Lunch and work meetings can wait; he has someone waiting for him who'd most likely want to know all that new information he just learned.

Cas is more than delighted to see him, though a little surprised.

"I thought you were working," the ghost hovers to the door when he opens it with one hand. And his attention is captured by the plant in his hand immediately. "Wait, did you... Is that...?"

Dean drops the key on the table, holding the plant higher, glancing at Cas with a small grin. "I know. Went to your office and found this, thought you'd probably like it."

Cas's eyes gleam with light, shifting his gaze between the leaves, the bees on the pot, and Dean. "I didn't know they kept it, and it was still alive!"

"Right? I know you'd be happy to see something of yours." Dean puts the plant at the center of the dining table.

Cas follows him into the room, regarding it carefully. "Did you meet some people there? Did they say anything... about me?" His voice is a little unsure at the end, like he's afraid to find out about himself.

Dean pretends he's also just looking at the plant, making sure the base is set steady, but watching Cas from the corner of his eyes. "Yeah, yeah, they did. Actually you have quite many friends, and they miss you."

Cas makes a soft, wet sound.

Dean looks up at him, meeting his eyes. "All they were saying was you are a good man, Castiel. You don't deserve any of that. No one does. It's just unfair." His eyes skim through the rusty-colored blood stains on Cas's translucent figure, dropping to the skirt of his trench coat where the bloody color fades into a shallow pink. "But I kinda feel like I already know that before they have to say it."

"But you didn't know for sure," Cas answers quietly, with a small relieved smile. "And I didn't know for sure. Isn't it nice to learn about yourself when you feel like you forget everything about yourself?"

"I wouldn't know," Dean realizes he's been fidgeting with the leaves, so he takes his hand back, looking back at Cas.

"What about the case? Did they know anything?"

Dean tells him about the unfriendly, aggressive, and legally guilty client that Hannah mentioned.

"It's from five years ago, but she couldn't give me a name or anything more specific, guess I'll just have to keep digging." Dean walks toward his briefcase, taking his laptop out.

"If only I could remember, or you could find my notes." Cas watches his moves, adding.

"Yeah, no, they said the police took your working files and notes, afraid the office is quite clean, so is the house." Dean waves at the room briefly, sitting down to start typing again.

Cas stares at him. "Are you not going to work this afternoon? I thought you said you'd only take half a day off."

Dean doesn't look up, already starts busying himself with page-scrolling. "Well, I'm letting them know that I'm still not feeling very well, which is technically still true, every time I think about what happened to you. And I'm pretty sure they'll live just fine without me for a day or two." *But you are not.*

"And I'm not 'living' at all." Cas air-quotes.

Dean huffs a short laugh. "Stop protesting and come over to look at these things with me. Maybe some name here would ring a bell for you. The sooner we figure this out, the sooner --" he stops abruptly.

"-- you can get rid of me?" Cas supplies tentatively, his shape flickering once.

"-- get over with it," Dean says at the same time.

The silence between them falls awkward. Dean sighs, swiveling in his chair to face Cas, opening his palms in a shrugging gesture. "I don't know what I'm doing, alright? I don't know anything about ghosts, so I'm just learning. And, and --" he stutters a little, gesturing at Cas, "-- you don't look comfortable staying as a ghost. I don't know, something just doesn't look right. So, no, it's not to get rid of you, I'm just trying to do something good, set things right, help people, you know, like you did."

"But I don't even remember what I did," Cas answers. His figure relaxes, and his shape stabilizes.

"That's what we'll find out," Dean spins back to the laptop. Cas leans over his shoulder, looking at the same screen.

Their shapes almost overlap in their closeness, though in the place of the warmth of another body, all Dean feels is the chilliness of the ghostly mist. But somehow, now that he gets used to the sensation, even this feels quite reassuring.

Cas's ghostly cheek is only inches away from Dean.

He forces his attention back to the research.
