---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Unfinished Business（Chap.3）（5）
date: 2025-12-22 21:58
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 SPN AU Big Bang
long_novels: 【Destiel】Unfinished Business
---

"For god's sake, what's happening?!" Dean stands up from the theater seat, clenching the back of the front row chair tight. His body is shaking.

The view on the movie screen shifts from the apartment, to the stairs leading down the building, to the street. It's unstable, almost like those hand-held camera shots from some new-age Hollywood experiment movies that Dean occasionally, accidentally ran into but never quite liked.

He can feel his feet step on the peddled road, walking so fast that it's almost like running, but each step is uneven and rushed, like a kid newly learns how to walk. Chilly night wind brushes his skin. The air is fresh and damp.

He wants to slow down, turn around, go back inside. He thinks about the motion, but his feet just keep moving on.

Dean feels his heart beating fast in his chest. But he doesn't know which chest he's thinking about, the real one in his body that he has lost control of like riding a race car with a broken brake line, or the one his palm is pressing upon right now, inside this movie theater -- which, now that he looks at it, apart from being a dark space full of chairs and the big screen, doesn't really have anything else, especially not any door. He's about ninety-five percent sure this isn't a real place, maybe just some imaginary place in his head.

"Cas?" Dean doesn't know what to do. All he can do is call Cas's name and stare at the screen. It seems reasonable to assume this has something to do with his suddenly angry ghost friend.

There is no answer.

But the view shifts more slowly when it starts strolling down the street leading to the river. The view is actually calming and beautiful. Dean realizes he's always been enjoying the view of the river from his apartment window, from high above; he barely ever comes down here to see what it looks like up close. The water looks like a rippling black mirror, sprinkled with colorful lights from the cars, lamps, and store LEDs. It's peaceful to just stand by the shore, watching the light waving gently on the surface as if the light itself is made of liquid.

Cas must be seeing the same, for he stops walking, just standing there, staring at the river.

"Cas?" Dean tries again, moving along the corridor at one end of the seat, walking closer to the screen. The view looks bigger and more clear.

"I'm sorry," Cas's deep voice echoes in the movie theater through the theater speakers, having a bit of a surround sound effect. His voice sounds calmer now.

"What -- what happened? Where am I?" Dean asks the sound.

"I'm not sure." Cas drops his voice even lower, sounding guilty and ashamed. "I got emotional."

Dean can almost imagine the way the ghost Cas would avoid his eyes, looking down, staring at the tip of his toes like a kid who broke a vase and waiting for his mom's scold.

He almost laughs at his imagination. "You got emotional and then what? Why can't I move my legs, or my hands, or any part of my body?"

His hands are raised slightly, showing up before his view. His palms face his eyes, then turn to the other side. Like his eyes are inspecting his hands, but not as a part of the whole body, but something foreign and new. His hands are lowered out of view then.

It's like those game videos he sometimes saw some kid playing, Dean thinks. Those first-person-view shooting games, where you can only see part of your body, but you get to control them to run around and shoot. Except, right now he has zero control, just watching his body move with their own consciousness -- wait, not their own. Must be Cas's.

"Did you... possess me, or something?" Dean asks, turning his head to one of the speakers where Cas's voice came out from.

"I must be, yes. I'm sorry." Cas answers, tentatively taking a step forward. The view of the river shifts a step closer.

"Whoa, don't do that," Dean yells, panicking all over again now that he can't see how close they're to the water. Cas hastily takes another two to three steps back, and the edge of the shore comes into view.

Dean takes three long deep breaths, murmuring to himself, "Okay, calm down. I'm possessed by a ghost."

"I wasn't trying to harm you, Dean. I wouldn't do that." Cas speaks again.

"Kinda figured that one out, yeah." Dean answers, feeling his heartbeat quieter for a few beats, but still far too much quicker than normal. "Or else you wouldn't just stand here chatting with me."

"But I still can't let you go breaking the law alone, either. It's too dangerous." Cas insists, but this time, calmly. "I don't want you to get hurt, or anything worse."

Dean sighs. "Looks like there's only one solution, then."

"Which is?" Cas prompts. The view tilts a small degree to the side.

"You're the driver now, buddy, might as well take us where we should be. I don't go there *alone*, you'd be there with me. Happy?" Dean exhales a breath.

Cas's voice hesitates. "You... will let me do that? Taking over your body?"

Dean shrugs, though no one can see it. "It's your case, figured it's your right to follow up anyway. And it's nice to get out of that room finally, right? Get to stretch your legs and do some outdoors."

"Yes, it is very nice," Cas answers quietly, voice full of gratefulness.

Dean feels a small smile start showing on his cheek, but he's not sure if it's his or Cas's. "I'd say don't do anything freaky, but I don't think you will. I'm trusting you here, alright?"

"Thank you, Dean."

The view starts moving again. This time, it feels like watching a first-person-view traveling documentary. Dean picks a center seat in the movie theater and sits down.

Cas walks along the street, taking turns at the crossroads, waiting for the traffic lights, moving across the city on his feet with a calming confidence. It's a weird view, but not unpleasant.

"You walk to the office often?" Dean can't help but ask.

"By bus, usually, but it's not a long distance." Cas's voice answers. "I used to enjoy walking around the city after dinner. Do you know our home is the most perfect location to both walk along the river and to the park? Though I rented it mostly for its closeness to the office."

"Honestly, I don't know. I drive everywhere. It's close to my office too." Dean watches how the view shifts from one side of the street to the other, checking the merchants behind the closed shop windows. He grins quietly at how joyful Cas seems to be, like a dog getting a walk. And his heart feels warm when he remembers how Cas apparently accidentally said "our home".

<br>

The accounting office building is like a dark tower, when they arrive, the kind that has a princess locked on the highest level. And in this case, the princess they need to rescue is the precious files. The only light they can see through the window comes from dim green emergency lights near the floor.

The glass door is locked tight, with visible electrical and physical chain locks wrapped around the handle.

"Dammit," Dean observes. The chain lock looks like made of iron.

"I know a back door," Cas says, gesturing a hand to the side of the building.

They walk along the narrow passageway between the buildings, finding a second locked door. A digital pad shines with red light next to the lock, with a small keypad of ten-digit numbers.

"Password lock, nice, do you happen to know the combination?" Dean asks, squinting at the pad.

"I don't have to." Cas reaches a hand to the keypad.

The electrical lock gives off a sizzling sound like the wires are quietly frying inside. The red light blinks a few times before it dies. The door makes a clicking sound, unlocking itself.

Dean stares at the opening door with a gaping mouth. "That's freaking awesome," he whispers, watching Cas control his body to sneak inside.

"Ghosts can affect electricity. That's the first lesson I learned when I became a ghost," Cas explains briefly, walking quickly through the dark corridor.

"Yeah, I remember. A bit difficult to forget, in fact. With those lights and my printer, woof." Dean chuckles at the memory. "And what's with the water tap? I mean, not just you, the horror movies do that too. I never knew leaking pipes and running tabs could be so scary."

"I would guess that's an unintentional side effect. I didn't actively try to sabotage anything." Cas pauses when he reaches a door with a sign saying "stairs". He glances at the metal handle gingerly. "I hate how many things nowadays are made of iron, even alloys hurt, though not as much."

He reaches a hand carefully toward the handle. It's the right hand that was wounded by the window handle before, Dean realizes. Ghost must still feel pain, he thinks.

"Hey, what if you let me go briefly and I open that door?" He calls out to Cas. "You can come back to me once it's open. Would that work?"

Cas's hand hovers a few inches from the handle. "We can try."

The sensation feels funny when Cas leaves temporarily. It's like wearing a thick sweater with your eyes open and head and arms stuck in the middle. You can see the light from the opening above, but your body is trying to figure out how to stick the arms into the sleeves and poke the head out of the opening. One second, you can't figure out where the sleeves are and where the arms are, the next, it's all sorted out by itself, and the sweater fits just right.

Dean blinks as he surfaces. The sweater in this analogy is his own body, the sleeve his arms and legs. He wears his body like a layer of skin, and looks around.

"Cas, you still there?" he whispers, trying to see in the dark corridor.

A thin white mist surrounds him unstably, dispersing quickly, unable to answer. It looks like the ghostly mist is flowing toward the way they're coming from, too. Cas is being dragged back to the apartment, Dean realizes. When he's not possessing Dean, he still can't be out of the apartment.

Dean holds the door handle down quickly and steps into the stairwell. The metal in the handle is a chilly sensation, doing no harm to his very human body.

He whispers eagerly to the thin ghostly fog. "Come on, Cas. Get in me."

The lunging and sinking feeling is lighter and less dizzy when it's the second time. Or maybe it's because he's prepared. Dean sits back down in the movie theater, watching Cas continue carrying his body to the floor where his office is.

"Aren't we a great team?" Dean grins slightly.

"In crime?" Cas retorts.

Dean chokes on his laughter.

The door to his office is locked. And it's not an electrical lock.

*Crap*, Dean thinks, he hasn't really thought about how to handle a locked door. And he certainly has no idea of how to pick a lock.

They do the separation again, so Dean can hold the metal handle and give it a nice and strong shake. The door rattles but doesn't give.

The mist of Cas grows thinner by every second. Dean shakes it harder, turning his head around the place, trying desperately to find something to help.

A desk near him has a box of paper clips that catches his notice.

Dean doesn't really know what he's doing but he's rushing toward it, picking two clips and straightening them, pokes the thin curving ends inside the key hole and twists. The spring inside the lock clicks. The handle can now be pressed down easily, and the door opens obediently.

"Holy crap." Dean stares at his fingers and the two clips. If it's not that he knows Cas is outside him and unable to touch metal, he'd suspect it's someone else controlling his body.

Cas jumps back in him the minute the door is open, rushing to the bookshelf with all those thick heavy business books and journals Dean saw earlier. He opens the thickest accounting book. Old newspaper clips and some handwritten notes fall out.

Dean makes a cheerful whistling sound as he watches from inside his own head. "That's twenty bulks for me."

Cas freezes as he stares at the papers. "And another ten for you," he says gloomily.

"That's him. He's the one who killed me. I remember now. I remember everything."
