---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Unfinished Business（Chap.3）（6）
date: 2025-12-22 23:22
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 SPN AU Big Bang
long_novels: 【Destiel】Unfinished Business
---

They are back at the apartment, safe and sound. Blessingly didn't trigger any alarm or get noticed by any security personnel.

Dean sits down at his desk, reading the notes they just took back and now scattered on the desk.

One of the newspaper clips has a photo of a man standing before the court; the title reads, "Nick Vaught, former founder of Morningstar Firm, was declared guilty of charges."

"So," Dean says, leaving the rest of the sentence blank.

Cas returns to his usual milky white misty form, standing before the window, looking outside. Dean can only vaguely see his back.

"Nick," Cas says the name slowly, voice bitter, his body shivering. "He's the one, I know it, I remember."

Dean walks closer to him, standing beside him, managing to keep his voice gentle. "Okay, alright, the name, we got the name now. What else do you remember?"

Cas stares at the running river without blinking. "He and his company were once my client -- Hannah's, to start with, as she told you. But from the financial records, she found they had serious tax evasion problems. Many of the records didn't match, or were too vague to understand, or contradicted each other. She suspected they might have bigger illegal underworld transactions, but she didn't want the company to be involved if that was the case, and meanwhile, when we were trying to delay our meeting with Nick, he threatened us that if we couldn't make it right and beneficial for him, he'd do something bad. And if we dared to call the police, things would be even worse. He didn't say specifically how bad or what exactly he meant."

Dean listens mutedly.

"Hannah got scared; she was worried about her family and her kid's safety, saying she wanted out. That was a very stressful time. And I couldn't just watch her break down, so I said, I'd take the rest of the auditing and communicate with Nick. And I did."

"What did you do?" Dean asks.

"Everything Nick wanted to see, basically. To his benefit, too. He was pleased with the result," Cas answers.

"What?" Dean makes a choking sound, glancing at his side profile. "But you just said..."

"Just to satisfy him, of course," Cas continues. "There were way too many inconsistencies in his financial records for his company to be normal or legit, and Hannah's instinct was right; there had to be illegal underworld transactions for it to make sense. So I dug deeper, after our business contract was closed on paper. It wasn't part of my job, but it became my obsession, you might say. For about a year, I was keeping a close eye on him and collected his business information. Cross-comparing with his activity, the pattern, deciphering some code words he would use in the documents, and finally making sense of the financial record from the previous year, I was confident he was smuggling and reselling for a profit, anything he could gather, stolen objects, drugs, weapons. But he was good, extremely careful during the transaction. I was trying to wait longer when I got enough proof, but I was also worried he would find out about my investigation and disappear, so I just reported him then. Anonymously, of course. And sent everything I collected to the police."

"He was arrested, and with all the evidence I sent, his company was announced broke, and he was sentenced to a four-year imprisonment, but only for financial fraud."

"Exactly this year," Dean exhales sharply.

"Exactly this year," Cas echoes numbly.

"It has to be a revenge then," Dean murmurs.

"He must have found me when I was walking around the area," Cas's gaze is far and unfocused, "followed me to my house, broke in after we all went to sleep, and then..." He starts sobbing quietly.

"Cas," Dean's voice is pained, "you don't have to..." His hand brushes over the misty shoulder. He stops caring about the fact they can't touch. He has to let the ghost -- let his friend -- know he's here for him.

"He stabbed me first, but it wasn't deadly at first. He... he would have just left if Jimmy hadn't heard the sound and woke up. So he killed him, right in front of me. Then Amelia. Then Claire. Oh God --" Cas covers his face with his palms. "-- he made sure I was the last to die. I-I --" His voice breaks completely.

"God," Dean whispers, wrapping his arm around the ghost's fog that starts flickering terribly again. He doesn't know what to say. Seeing the man's pain, his eyes also start to sting.

"I keep thinking I'm the one who killed Jimmy and the whole family," Cas's voice comes faintly and brokenly through the shifting ghostly image. "They would be fine if they didn't visit me. They would be fine if I didn't send that anonymous tip. Or if I just ignored the whole thing. Or even just that night, if I didn't make any sound when he was killing me, didn't wake them up. None of this would happen. It's all my fault."

"What? No! Cas! None of it is your fault!" Dean tries to hold Cas's gaze, but the other just can't look up. He doesn't even seem to have enough ghostly energy to stay visible for much longer.

Dean manages to squeeze in between Cas and the window, standing right before him, reaching out to cup what he hopes would be where Cas's cheeks are. "Look at me, Cas. You didn't do anything wrong! He did! We'll get you justice, I promised!"

Cas gives him one last devastated look, his figure flickers again so violently like all the power and energy just drains, and he fades until all the white mist disappears.

Dean's hands cup around nothing in the air.

He stares at where Cas was, feeling a dull pain in his chest. Cas's words are still echoing in his ear, "It's all my fault. They're all dead and it's all my fault."

Dean has a sudden impulse that he wants to have some large bottles of beer to wash this ache in the chest down, to mute the voice in his ears. But his fridge refuses to supply.

So he takes melatonin instead, three times more than recommended dosage, and throws himself on the bed, hoping it would have a similar effect.

The prickling feeling of another existence remains in the air when he sinks into a shallow darkness. His consciousness floats in the empty, thinking, at least, Cas is still here, just exhausted himself out. That knowledge alone makes the sick feeling in his gut slightly more bearable.

Dean passes out when the melatonin kicks in.
