---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Unfinished Business（Chap.3）（8）
date: 2025-12-23 14:37
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 SPN AU Big Bang
long_novels: 【Destiel】Unfinished Business
---

He has stared at that photo from Cas's newspaper clip far too many times to recognize it in a heartbeat.

The plant in his arms stills for a second, then starts shaking violently again.

Dean doesn't need Cas's urge to know he should follow Nick.

The man staggers when he emerges from under the bridge. His steps stumble so much that Dean watches and thinks, fleetingly and maliciously, *It would be justice if he just tripped and fell into the river.*

The thought unsettles him. Dean blinks at himself. He's not a killer. He never was, and he never will be. His parent, Bob and Ellen, have taught him better than this. There gotta be a better way that can both serve justice and not have to kill anyone. Even a cruel, hideous, damned one like Nick.

They follow Nick to the park and watch the man crawl into a deserted camping tent sitting next to a trash bin. The burning drug smell flows out again.

Dean stands behind the closest tree, not knowing what to do.

The ghostly mist flies out of the plant, flowing rapidly toward the tent before Dean can stop him.

"Cas! CAS!!" Dean hisses a yell, not wanting to let anyone hear, especially not Nick. "What the hell are you doing?! Come back!"

The white fog that is Cas ignores him, sliding into the tent smoothly.

Dean curses under his breath, glancing around. The park is dark and quiet, way past the gate closing time and there's no one around. He crouch-walks out of the shadow of the tree, sneaking closer to the tent.

He hears his knees complain under the pressure and curses again. He should have exercised more, like hitting the gym once in a while. He knows sitting in the office before screens all day long would do that to his knees, but he used to think he still has a few years to go before actually starting to age. He hates it when it's happening now, when he needs the physicality and agility of his body the most.

Dean rushes himself when he starts hearing human yelling and items flying inside the tent. The thin cloth and support of the tent rattles as the man jumps and moves frantically inside. Dean can only see a dark shape moving.

He doesn't really have time for a plan or to think closely. The temperature around them drops dramatically. The closer he gets to the tent, the colder the air is. Dean watches the air turning into a puff when he breathes out. It's even colder than it normally is as he notices around Cas, bordering on icy. Something is severely wrong.

Dean busts into the tent.

Cas is in his full shape now, looking more solid than ever in his translucent form, floating near the ceiling of the tent, all fierce and resentful. The tent is too tiny for any grown man to stand straight, so half his lower body is underground, making his shape look even more distorted and abnormal. Scarier than he ever was.

Nick is lying on his back at the farthest corner possible, and Cas is reaching to him with hands and fingers spreading in a way like he's going to grab the man or choke him.

"Ghost, you're a ghost!" Nick mumbles unclearly. "I'm imagining it, you're not real!"

Cas growls in a nonhuman sound, his shape glitches like a broken TV signal. Then, in the blink of an eye, he disappears and reappears right before Nick's face, his fingers wrap around Nick's neck. Nick drops the cigarette in his hand, struggling violently around his neck, trying to release himself from the invisible grip. He's letting out a harsh breathing sound.

"Cas!" Dean yells helplessly, not knowing whether or how or who to help.

Nick is still choking, and by the look on his face, paling and purpling, he doesn't have long. But then his fingers fumble on the ground, and he finds the feet of the tent poles. He grasps forcefully and rocks it while his body trembles. The tent collapses.

Dean barely has time to jump out of the collapsing tent. A painful squeaking sound echoes under the quiet night sky. When he turns around, he's just in time to see the white mist of Castiel dissipate the moment the poles crash on him.

The poles are made of iron.

<br>

"Cas!" Dean yells again, standing at the edge of the collapsed tent, panting.

Nick crawls out on his hands and knees, lying down on the ground on his back, breathless. "Castiel," he murmurs in his hoarse voice, then starts laughing hysterically. "Of course."

The ghost of Castiel reemerges, snarling and barging at the man. He doesn't seem to even register Dean's there. His eyes are bloody, bulging out of his face. His features are all wrong, stretched and sharpened, looking nothing like his old self. More like... Dean's heart sinks. Cas is exactly like those vengeful spirits in the ghost movies they watched together. The desperation for revenge and killing Nick is changing him.

"Cas, no, stop!" Dean positions himself between the man on the ground and the flying ghost, spreading his arms to form a human wall, trying to block the ghost of Cas from approaching Nick. His right hand is still holding the pot plant. "You're not thinking straight, Cas! We don't kill people! We're better than this!"

The vengeful spirit that can only distantly show the features of Castiel screams. He repeats in a high-pitched sound: "He has to die! Die! DIE!"

Then, "He killed my family! Look at me! Blood! All the blood!"

Castiel charges toward Nick. Instinctively, Dean jumps before Nick, colliding with the ghost. The twisted long fingernails of the ghost scratch his face, and the freezing cold sensation pours down from his head. Dean sinks inside his head again, standing in the middle of the imaginary movie theater. But different from all the other times, this time, he's not alone.

There is another man standing there, facing the screen. He wears a long trench coat, covering his figure. From his back, Dean can only see his shaking, standing posture and tousled black hair.

Dean walks to him slowly, calling. "Cas?"

The man doesn't answer, and doesn't move. His body is still shaking violently like the last winter leaf on a branch in the gust of a snowstorm. He looks like about to break down any minute now.

Dean reaches hesitantly, hovering his hand on the man's shoulder. For a second, he thinks when his hand lands, there will be nothing, just another ghostly mist, another shadowy imagination that he can't touch. But startlingly, his hand lands on the man's shoulder.

It doesn't feel real, technically, and Dean knows it. Everything in here is probably just happening in his head. He can still vaguely see Nick crawling on his all fours from the imaginary theatre screen, fleeing from them. But right now, he decides, he's not the highest priority.

"Cas." Dean winds around him, standing before the man, looking at him solidly for the first time.

Castiel looks up, meeting his eyes. His eyes are filled with tears, long streaks of tears streaming down his cheeks. "I have to, I have to," he murmurs the words like a chant. "He killed my family -- no, I killed my family. I have to do something. Anything."

"Oh Cas," Dean sighs long and sad, wrapping the ghost's consciousness or whatever he is in his arms. He can't really sense the touch, but he feels an existence, a kind of fullness in his heart when he holds him, so he holds him tighter.

The consciousness of Castiel leans into his arms, more tears falling. "I have to. But I know, once I'm done, I won't be here again."

"Your unfinished business," Dean thinks he understands. "It will be finished and you will be free, is that it?"

"No, no, I will be condemned," Cas answers through tears over his shoulder. "My consciousness, this last human bit of me, will be torn apart. Killing would break one's soul, and I don't have much left to begin with. I know, I just know, I'll just become one of those evil vengeful spirits like those horror movies we saw together. But I have to, Dean, I really have to."

"No," Dean breathes heavily, still not willing to let go. "You don't. It doesn't have to be this way. Killing is wrong; whatever he did, it's wrong. You do this, then you're no different from that son of a bitch. And your consciousness or soul or anything, I won't let you break again. I just won't."

Cas pulls back slowly, looking into his eyes. "What else can we do then?"

Dean takes a deep breath and orders his reasonable brain to think quickly. "We don't have enough evidence to tip him off to the police or get him arrested. All we got is your memory and your words, but you can't even be a court witness... If only he could just break and turn himself in."

"How?" Cas stares at him with red eyes.

"Haunt him," Dean says simply, surprising himself even. The solution seems to just slip out of his lips by itself and it sounds easy. "He's probably already all drugged up and hallucinating things; we just need to make it worse for him, break him down."

"Haunt him," Cas parrots slowly. "Then I can..."

"No, you don't do anything," Dean cuts him off quickly. "I will. You did enough and I don't want you to accidentally get repelled or condemned or whatever. You don't think I learned a trick or two about how to haunt after living with a ghost this long?"

Cas falls silent; the heaving and falling of his chest finally calms down. Then, "It's actually not very long," he says quietly. "It's only been three weeks."

"It feels long," Dean answers. "So we're good?"

"If you don't let me be in the field, at least allow me to give you suggestions. After all, only one of us is professional at haunting." Cas insists.

Dean chuckles slightly. "Deal."

<br>

Nick doesn't get very far when Dean resurfaces in his body. Cas stays inside him, watching through his eyes. It feels weird, to know there's someone else there, but also not really there. And even weirder to think that someone is a ghost. Dean thinks the old him would definitely freak out if he knew this was going to happen three weeks ago, but right now, oddly, he feels fine. In fact, he feels awesome.

He tucks Cas's consciousness closer inside his mind, like wrapping a falling sparrow with wet wings on a rainy day inside his coat pocket. And he says to himself, "Alright, let's finish it."

Cas sits down in the front row of the movie theatre in his head.

Dean follows the smoking smell in the air down the trail through the park, and then at the edge of the park, down a sewer pipe from a loose manhole cover.

Nick is sitting at the corner of a chamber where the pipes cross, his back against one side of the wall, half passing out.

The floor of the pipe echoes with Dean's footsteps when he climbs down.

"Nick --" Dean tries, speaking in a squeaking, high-pitched sound, as Cas instructs.

"Higher, and fainter," Cas suggests helpfully from inside.

Dean follows his suggestion. His voice echoes between the pipe walls, the tail of the syllables colliding with the head, bumping around. It sounds like he's everywhere.

Nick lifts his head, turning from side to side, as if he's expecting someone -- or something -- coming from all directions.

"Now make a wind sound," Cas adds.

"Wooo --" Dean makes a whooshing sound between his lips.

The spooky sound fills the space, distorted by the reflection effect, making even his own hair behind the neck stand.

*That's freaking spooky alright.* Dean thinks to his mind. *Do I get a ghost certificate or what?*

"I'm not aware such a certificate exists," Cas answers seriously.

Dean chuckles quietly and moves on, getting closer to the crossing chamber.

"Nick -- remember what you did?" Dean stretches his voice, satisfied with how the distorted voice sounds.

Nick drags himself up from the sitting position, but he can barely stand. He's holding a small knife of some kind in his right hand, guarded but confused. He spins from his left to his right, waving and stabbing in the empty air. "Leave me alone! Get off me! Castiel, I know it's you! You're dead!"

"You will pay --" Dean hides behind the closest turn around the chamber, watching Nick from the corner of his eyes. "That's blood debt!"

Nick stabs the air repeatedly. "No, no, no! I'm not crazy! You're not real!"

Dean wonders briefly what Nick is seeing in his hallucination.

Cas answers inside him. "That looks disturbingly like he's trying to kill me again. In his vision. That's how he stabbed me to death."

Red-hot fury bursts in Dean's chest. The thought that Cas and his whole family were murdered brutally like that, and that filthy man, even when he's trapped in his own vision, is still trying to kill Cas *again*. Dean can't hold himself any longer.

He jumps out of the hiding corner, throws himself at Nick, knocking him down.

"Dean!" Cas cries out inside him.

Nick waves the knife, and the blade slides along his arm, tearing his shirt sleeve and skin on the forearm.

Dean hisses in pain, punching the man in the face.

"You bastard!" He yells, can't hold back his anger any longer. "He was a good man! Do you know that?! He worked so hard every day! He went to work and cooked dinner! He loved his family and his friends! And you killed him! You!" He punches the man again and again until Nick is bloodied and paralyzed on the floor.

"Dean! I thought you said we'll not kill him!" Cas reminds him.

Dean's fist is still high in the air, but hearing that, he drops the fist slowly. His face is covered by sweat and tears. "No, we're not. He'll do it himself."

He pulls himself up slowly, stepping back, wobbling.

Nick stares at him with a swollen face and foggy eyes. "Whoa," he stares at the air dizzily, which must be where his hallucination is. "This feels so real. You're right, Cas," his hand wraps around the knife he dropped earlier, raising it slowly. "I should do it myself." He stabs the knife into his own neck.

His body twitches a few times, fresh blood gushing out of the wound. His body drops down and stops moving again.

Dean watches from ten steps away, letting out a long breath.

"You saw that?" he asks quietly, turning inside.

"Yes," Cas answers equally quietly. Then, after a long pause, he looks up, and says, in a both grieving and relieved tone, "I hope you can see it too. It's done."

The tone twists Dean's gut upside down, and he thinks, bitterly, *It's done. And he'll be gone now.*

"I'll miss you," Dean whispers.

The white mist of the ghost Castiel ascends from his body, stretching into the air, flying free.
