---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Rent Overdue（4）
date: 2025-03-10 04:07
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 SPN AU Big Bang
long_novels: 【Destiel】Rent Overdue
---

The work still comes first though. But at least now that he knows what -- who -- is out there in the dark, hanging around and glancing at him once in a while, Dean's sleeping problem is greatly improved.

"Would you mind not stay in my room when I'm changing or trying to sleep?" Dean says, with his eyes closed, facing the ceiling. He swears he can hear the sound of something extremely like clothes rubbing. But it might just because of the air flow making the clothes in the closet flutter.

"Sorry." Castiel answers, voice floating farther away, moving towards the kitchen. "I'll just, stay here then."

Dean hums. Focusing on trying to falling asleep again. But somehow his mind flows to the kitchen where he guess Castiel would be. Would he be standing there the whole night, or sitting in a chair? Can ghosts sit? What if he accidentally touch the salt sprinkler and hurt himself?

"Cas?" Dean says again, slightly raising his voice.

"Yes?" The ghost answers immediately, voice closing in on him again, but not close enough so he would know he's still on the other side of the bedroom wall.

"Be careful about the salt on the counter. Or the poker by the fireplace." Dean tries to think what else is made of iron. "I'll put them somewhere else tomorrow. Just, be careful."

"Okay." Castiel's answering voice is short, but somehow Dean thinks he can imagine the small curve on tip of his lips when he knows he's delighted by something he says.

Dean's own lips feel a pull at the tip. He falls into sleep shortly.

<br>

The alarm clock rings at seven.

Dean fumbles the key and turns it off before opening his eyes. He feels good, it seems to be a long time since last time he has a solid full night of sleep. And he almost forgets why.

He walks towards the kitchen, yawning lazily, his brain still in the process of loading. He walks into straight into Castiel and emerges from the other side. The soaking coldness wakes him up immediately like a buck of icy water pouring down from his head.

"What the hell?" He jumps, then he remembers.

Castiel still stands where he was two seconds ago, presumably exactly where he stays the whole night, looking curious and confused, but not unpleasant. "Sorry?" He says, carefully, a little unsure.

"Sorry, my bad." Dean echoes. "Should look at my way. Forget I'm sharing now."

"I guess it's good that I won't be bumped to the ground or anything." Castiel says, moving a few steps away, leaving the kitchen unoccupied.

"Yeah." Dean answers, reaching for the coffee to make his pot of latte for the day, when he realizes the cabinet door is opened, the coffee bag is tilted, as if someone was trying to take it from there but aren't quite successful.

He turns to the ghost. "You did that?"

Castiel averts his look. "Yes."

"Why?"

"Thought I'd try to make some coffee before you get up, but looks like I don't really have enough strength for that." Castiel looks at the floor in front of him. "It took me whole night to open that cabinet, almost exhaust me out. Sorry I can't really help with anything."

Dean raises an eyebrow. "You want to help make some coffee."

That's a statement, not a question.

Castiel is unsure if he should answer that, he looks up, hesitant. "Yes. You agree to help find the person who killed me, thought at least I can do is making you some damn coffee."

Dean smiles, turning to make himself the coffee, pouring the beans into grinder and the powders into the coffee machine. He says, when the room starts flowing with the sweet bitter smell of the freshly brew coffee. "Thanks for the effort. But don't stress out, I won't ask you to share the rent or anything."

Castiel simply nods.

<br>

Dean drives to the work. Then he has meetings with clients. Then he has meetings with his direct reports. Then he drafts a new quarter plan to be reviewed by his superior. Then he has lunch at the desk. And then more email correspondence. Followed by an unexpected phone call from a fellow colleague from the Finance Department about some new change in the forms.

He spins around the office like a spinning top, the phone and keyboard keep him busy like a bee. But this is just the job.

He puts the smiling face when he's in the meetings. He throws some light jokes on the table during the phone call with the clients. He types a hundred words per minute and doesn't feel a thing. He checks the clock on the wall, it's still not time to go home.

A man knocks on the door. "You get a minute?"

Dean takes off the earphone in a hurry, standing up from behind his desk, pulling a big grin. "Yes, of course, Mr. Adler."

His superior, the senior VP of the company, steps into his office. The man has so many years of experience in the industry that people can just tell from the way his forehead shines or his body holding up the starched-up suit.

"How are you setting in, Dean?" The man asks, eyes cutting into Dean like he can see through everything inside his brain. Dean feels there is nowhere to hide beneath those eyes. "New city, new job, hope there is no hassle?"

"No, sir, not at all." He answers cheerfully, automatically. "All going very well."

"Thought I see you not having enough rest last few days. New bed?" Mr. Adler observes.

Dean gives a little chuckle. "Yeah, new bed. A lot better now. Last night I slept like a baby."

"Good to hear. Let me know if you need anything." Mr. Adler pats on his shoulder. "Good work, Dean. Really important work here."

Dean echoes. "Yes I know, Mr. Adler. Really important work." He watches the man leaving his office.

It's still not the time to leave the work yet.

He answers more phone calls. He replies more emails. He writes more documents. He checks time again. And he doesn't really know where this restlessness come from. And he doesn't really want to think about it.

Five o'clock. Then six. By six thirty, he leaves the building.

Pressing the elevator button hard, marching to his Prius, driving home in the end-of-day traffic jam, he rushes to fish his keys out, pushing the door open.

Dean doesn't realize he's holding his breath when he turns on the light. Not like he's expecting a wife or a cooked dinner on the table.

But he does find Castiel standing by the window, staring outside. The river flows underneath, stretching from one side to the other, reflecting the night light from the buildings and traffic by its shores. The darkness and starry night light makes his figure looks more solid, as if just a human standing by the window, enjoying the penthouse view.

"You're still here." Dean says.

"Where would I go?" Castiel looks back at him, eyes deep. "I can't leave the house, remember?"

"Yes, but somehow I thought it might just be a bad dream or something." Dean has to admit. "Like maybe you're just my imagination."

"If that's the case, wouldn't you try to imagine something nicer? A blonde girl or something? Why would you even make me up?" Castiel retorts, quietly glancing down to refer his trench coat covered figure.

The answer is unexpected. Dean frowns. "What's wrong with having you? You're nice -- enough."

Castiel smiles at that. "Thank you?"

Dean shrugs, leaving his office bag by the door, entering the kitchen to prepare his dinner and tomorrow's lunch. "Any time." He says.

<br>

The salad is quick to prepare, the chicken breast takes slightly longer. The online recipe says you can just heat them up in the microwave oven, if you don't want to spend time preheat the oven, so Dean just places them inside a glass container and puts a ten minute on the microwave oven.

He leans his back on the counter while waits. Castiel hovers around the fridge, looks like he's trying to see Dean cooking but doesn't want to make it apparent. His eyes jump around the places, glances moving from the spinning oven, Dean's hands, the counter, Dean's eyes, the sink, Dean's shoulder, the fridge door...

Dean breaks the silence. "So what did you do today? Anything interesting?"

"There is a bird outside of the window in the morning." Castiel looks at him in the eyes now. "I was worried that would be a window strike, but it turns out the bird was just curious to see what's inside the room, I think. I wonder if it saw me."

Dean amuses with a laughter. "Do you think it would get frightened if it found out you're a ghost?"

Castiel considers it. "I hope not. But do you think there are ghosts of birds after they die? Do they go to places where humans go, afterwards?"

"I don't know, man." Then the microwave oven dings. Dean lets the topic slip.

He moves his dinner to the living room, turning on the TV.

Castiel hesitates at the threshold between living room and dining room.

Dean takes a bite at the dinner, noticing the stare now. Scooting over on the sofa, leaving half the space empty. A silent invite.

It turns out ghosts can sit. Castiel sits on the empty space, carefully not touching the spaces taken by Dean. He looks at the TV.

There are some baseball game playing on it right now.

Dean looks at it, but soon finds he's totally not following the game. Not the points of the two sides, not even who are the two teams.

He glances at Castiel from the corner of his eyes. He clears the throat. "Did you use to watch games like this?"

"I don't watch sports often." Castiel tells him, "Jimmy was more interested, he used to take Amelia and Claire to the games if they happen to be in town and they have an available weekend. I think Claire loves it too."

"What do you watch then?" Dean finds himself curious to know.

"Mostly nature. I love seeing the creatures and plants, all the lives that exist and thrive without human intervention. Isn't it beautiful?" Castiel's eyes lose focus for a second, casting long and far. Dean wonders if he's reminded of the life when he was alive again.

"Yeah it does sound beautiful." He can't help answering. "Did you use to live alone? So having dinner alone, watching TV alone, go to bed alone?" He pauses there for a second, adding. "Sorry if it intrudes..."

"It's okay," Castiel answers gently. "It's not like a ghost has much privacy or secret that still worth protecting anyway." Dean opens his mouth want to disprove, but Castiel carries on. "Yes, I lives -- lived -- alone. But it's not bad at all, I enjoy the solitary. I'm close to my brother, but we still have our different lives."

"Yeah I'm same with my family." Dean tells him. "I have a little sister, Jo. Still in school, pain in the ass. We're close growing up, but now that I moved to this new city, we mostly just talk over the phone now. I'm okay with the room being quiet too, in fact sometimes I think this is the only quietness I could ever get when I finally don't have to share a room with that little monster."

Castiel chuckles. "I remember when Claire was much younger, we call her little monster too. Sometimes she would almost tear the whole room apart, the toys scattered everywhere, parts by parts, but other times she was just like a small angel." His voice gets lower. Dean knows exactly what's in his mind.

He turns to face him straight, telling him what he has already said yesterday, voice gentle. "We'll find him, Cas, whoever did this, they'll pay."

Cas nods. "Thank you."

<br>

Dean spends the rest of the night in front of the laptop.

The police can't find anything, which means it's a difficult as hell puzzle to solve. But a person can't just vanish in the thin air -- not when they're not ghost. Then the identity must be there, and the answer must be there.

Dean searches the traffic cameras in the surround area outside of the power outage zones. But the area range is too big, and the hour is not exactly late enough to limit the possibility of suspect. It is no different from looking for a needle in a bottle of hay.

But he still tries. He watches the footages, he notes down the car plates crossing the view around that time, he takes screenshots of people walking around the area that look remotely suspect. Meanwhile --

"You know, Cas, it would be so much easier if you can just remember the face when it all happened."

"I'm sorry, but the memory is still too fuzzy."

"But it's coming back though, right? You can remember more things today than before, I can see that."

"Yes, it seems to be so. But I don't know if it will ever be clear enough to identify the killer or if it would even work as any proof in the court, if we want to send him to prison for punishment."

"We'll figure something out."
