---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Unfinished Business（Chap.2）（2）
date: 2025-03-10 02:10
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 SPN AU Big Bang
long_novels: 【Destiel】Unfinished Business
---

"I would have called my lawyer if it weren't this late." Dean checks the time; it is indeed way later than his usual beauty sleep hour, but somehow he isn't sleepy at all. In fact, he can practically feel the adrenaline pumping through his veins right this moment. He decides sleeping can wait.

"Or find a private detective or something." Dean thinks aloud, at the same time opening the webpage and starts typing.

"But you seem to know very well what you're doing." The ghost comments, watching his move.

Dean's eyes lock on the screen, fingers moving automatically. "To be honest I don't know anything, but it's like some kind of muscle memory, my fingers know what to do, so I'm just letting whatever instinct or muscle memory take over control here for a minute."

His fingers surf around the virtual network, configuring all those technical settings he doesn't even realize he knew, clicking open the dark net and surfing like fish in the sea. He finds himself scanning through the pages he never knew he had access to and never thought he'd go to even if he does. Pages with underground transactions, criminal discussions and records, and more that he doesn't want to know -- the dirty dark side of the world he tends to choose to pretend they're not there and they have nothing to do with his life.

The web page transitions from police reports to real estate records, pulling out all the information they could use. If it's not the ghost remains hovering beside him, farther to the keyboard than his fingers, Dean almost wants to ask if the ghost is taking over the laptop and haunting the pages -- how else did they sneak into those sites like the cyber security walls are never there, like ghosts passing through the physical walls.

His attention is attracted back to the screen when the records are extracted, as easily as clicking open an e-book from some online library.

The real estate report shows nothing -- the history of the place is smooth and clean like a contract with no fine print. In fact, if he really thinks about that, it's just way too clean. How can a building never even have a single small accident? Not any elevator malfunction, not one person slipping in front of their door and breaking their legs?

He knew something might be off there when he rented the place, but never able to find any dirt. But now, it seems, he's digging into something.

The real estate report might be covered, but the police reports and hospital reports are honest and accurate -- at least he hopes so. He sets the searching time range to be weeks and months before now, about to expand to years. But he doesn't actually have to trace back too much before he stops at a coroner's report and a photo of a body.

He reads the description, then checks the photo, then reads the report again. Dean swallows, his tongue dry, his throat tight. He steals a glance at the ghost, the silence between them stretches, but he knows they are both reading the same thing. The same bloody truth right to their faces.

"I'm sorry." Dean finally manages, his voice low and condolent. He wants to close the page.

The ghost is still reading the same page. With his name, his address, his date of birth and cause of death on it. He reads it, then re-reads it, then re-re-reads it. Dean doesn't know if he's just staring at it by this time or actually still reading it over and over again. A photo of his living face stares back at them from a driver's license crop, with the same ruffled black hair and bright blue eyes. The crop even shows the same collar of a tan trench coat. He looks almost exactly the same as the misty figure of his current form, but flesh and blood.

"Castiel." The ghost moves his lips, voice too quiet, barely audible. "My name is Castiel."

Dean nods, mutedly.

The coroner's reports have a date of two months ago, with four bodies sending to the coroner's office at the same day, around same time of death, and same cause of death -- Castiel Novak, along with Jimmy Novak, Amelia Novak, and Claire Novak, all stabbed to death by multiple sharp force injuries from a blade, in their home, in their sleep.

The police report says they have no other relatives to contact; there are no parents or even any remote cousins or uncles. It is assumed that the Novak family is having a little reunion, Castiel Novak's twin brother's family is visiting him for Thanksgiving, and staying at his home for the night. That is when the tragedy happens.

A "tragedy" -- that is the term they used in the report, not a crime, not a massive murder, not an extinction of a bloodline, of a family name, as if it's nothing more than mere bad luck that landed on them. Dean grimaces as he reads, hating every word reflecting on his retina, clenching his fist in slow-burning fury.

They say it's a crazy sociopath, a drug addict, a random killer, just randomly picked a house -- happened to be theirs -- force-entered, and committed the crime. Out of pure bad luck, there was a power outage in the area at that time, and none of the surveillance cameras were working. They never found the man, and with too few leads and no family member to answer to, the police just hung the case like a piece of pork on the hanger.

There is no closure. There is no justice. There is no consequence.

Just a pile of blood. Then a pile of ashes.

Their bodies were burned and stored with the city, probably no one would ever ask about.

This is just the worst ending anyone could ever have. Dean thinks, trying to imagine if it is the ending of himself and his family, something that could happen to Jo, to Mom and Dad. He feels his breath is too caught up in his throat that he's going to choke.

He turns to the ghost -- it's Castiel now, now that he knows his name. But he doesn't know what to say. He doesn't know if there is even any language that's ever been invented for something so tragic, so unbelievably sad, so gut-wrenchingly heartbroken, so hard to read, let alone accept. And there is even no one to feel sad for them. There probably isn't even a funeral at all.

"Hey," Dean murmurs, checking Castiel's looks. "You okay?"

Castiel's ghostly shape flickers violently, like the last time he tried to think about words too hard, or understood the situation of his own life and death -- whenever he's emotional, whenever he's thinking too hard. Dean can't help noticing the pattern. It doesn't matter his face is stoic; the flashing and flickering are saying enough about how many thoughts and emotions are happening inside him.

"Hey, hey, Castiel. Don't wear yourself out. Just, breathe." Dean hurries, then kicks himself in the mind for the stupidity of the suggestion. But it seems Castiel understands his effort.

The shape swings and shakes, the desk lamp blinks, dimming and brightening; Castiel's chest rises and falls, as if air is actually still flowing through his pipe. His shape is still more vague than before, more dim and bleak, but at least he stabilizes.

"No," Castiel answers, finally, his sound teary, as if he wants to cry but no tears can be produced. "No, I'm not okay," he tells Dean, eyes heart-shatteringly big and sad. "I'll never be okay."

"I'm really sorry." Dean feels terrible, and even worse, he doesn't know what to do. Should he comfort the ghost? Should he do something to help the ghost... live better? Or die better? Anything at all?

"They're all dead. Even Claire. She's only twelve! Who could have done that?!" Castiel looks at Dean, his eyes piercing through his skull, heated with fury and pain.

Dean swallows hard. "I -- I don't know, and it looks like not even the police can do anything to help figure that out."

"So the world just doesn't care that we're dead? Nothing changes? No consequence at all? No one even *knows*?" Castiel's questions fall heavily in the air, making Dean's breathing difficult, making his chest tight like lead.

"No," he finds himself answering, voice stern. "I know now, and *I care*. It's not right. Someone should fix it."

"But how? Even the police gave up looking for the killer. What are you going to do?"

"I'll figure that out. I'll help *you*, whatever you need," Dean says quickly, gesturing to Castiel's misty features. "That must be the reason you stay as a ghost, right?"

He swallows again. "Even if I can't find the killer, maybe at least I'll try to help you move on or something. We only just went through the first step in that video, and we know now who you are. Let's just see what else to learn."

<br>

The second step in a ghost-related situation, according to the legendary Ghostfacers members Ed and Harry, is to kill them.

Dean shifts in the seat uncomfortably. Even the mention of the word "kill" makes his stomach curl. He doesn't want to think about how Castiel would feel about it. Who would ever think of *killing* a person twice, for Christ's sake?

But at least he learns something new about the ghosts now -- Salt is like burning acid to them; Irons dissipates them instantly; And shotguns with fresh rock salt bullets apparently can disperse them extremely effectively. To make the ghosts disappear permanently, burn their remains. In the very rare situations when that's not possible, find out their unfinished business that makes them ghosts, try to solve them and help them get over it and find peace.

They finish the video in utter silence. Let the screen pause on its own once it finishes. They exchange muted looks.

Dean finds himself in a stubborn stare contest with Castiel again, unable to move his eyes away.

"Ugh," he manages to start, but fails to think of a single thing to say next.

"Are you going to burn my remains and make me disappear permanently?" Castiel asks quietly, not showing any sign of anger, just sad.

"No!" Dean blurts out without thinking. And it's true. With all the new information he just learned about "how to handle a supernatural ghost situation", he is not remotely thinking about getting rid of Castiel, who's just hanging around his place (which, by the way, was his own house before), no more than three feet away from him. He finds himself not afraid of him at all, especially with his bright blue eyes locked on him. Castiel looks more human than any ghost he would imagine, except for the rare times when he's apparently having some storm of thoughts and emotions flowing through and his shape flickers, or when Dean forgets he's not human and tries to touch him, that's when he's reminded.

"I think we have a bigger problem than you being a ghost," Dean explains. "I think the world would be a better place if that killer were gone, instead of you. Besides, didn't the report say you and your family were cremated? So there wouldn't be any remains to burn anyway, you'll just have to hang around here and stick with me a bit longer while we figure this out."

Castiel widens his eyes. "You'll do that for me?"

Dean shrugs easily. "Don't look at me like I'm becoming Mother Teresa or something. You obviously could use some help, and I don't mind having a bit of extra-curricular activity, moonlighting as a vigilante. You know, not like I have anyone to talk to or really have anything to do outside work." He gives the ghost a small smile. "What do you say, roommate?"

Castiel's eyes are so big and glimmering that they would be filled with tears if he could. "Thank you, Dean," he says at last, full-heartedly.
