---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Unfinished Business（Chap.3）（1）
date: 2025-03-10 04:07
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 SPN AU Big Bang
long_novels: 【Destiel】Unfinished Business
---

Work still comes first though. By the time Dean checks the clock again, he only gets less than four hours of sleep left for the night. His boss would kill him if he missed the daily morning meeting. And he absolutely still needs the salary to pay the rent -- for both of their sake.

Dean sighs, turns off the laptop, and drags himself to bed, wondering briefly if all the shocking knowledge he learned earlier would keep him awake for the rest of the night or if the exhaustion would be enough to knock him out.

But at least now that he knows what -- who -- is out there in the dark, hanging around the apartment, and glancing at him once in a while, Dean's concern about the darkness is completely eliminated.

"Would you mind not staying in my room when I'm changing or trying to sleep?" Dean says, with his eyes closed, facing the ceiling. He swears he can hear the sound of something extremely like clothes rubbing. But it could also just be air flow fluttering the clothes in the closet.

"Sorry," Castiel answers quickly, his voice floating farther away, moving through the bedroom wall, into the kitchen. "I'll just, stay here then."

Dean hums. Focusing on trying to fall asleep again. But somehow his mind flows to the kitchen where he guesses Castiel would be. Would he be standing there the whole night, or sitting in a chair? Can ghosts sit? What if he accidentally touches the salt sprinkler and hurts himself?

"Cas?" Dean says again, slightly raising his voice.

"Yes?" The ghost answers immediately, voice closing in on him again, but not close enough to drop the bedroom temperature, so Dean knows he's just on the other side of the bedroom wall.

"Be careful about the salt on the counter. Or the poker by the fireplace." Dean tries to think what else is made of iron. "I'll put them somewhere else tomorrow. Just, be careful."

"Okay." Castiel's answering voice is short, but somehow Dean thinks he can imagine the small curve on the tip of his lips like he knows he would when he's delighted.

Dean's own lips feel a pull at the tip. He falls into sleep shortly.

<br>

The alarm clock rings at six.

Dean fumbles for the button and turns it off before opening his eyes. He still wants to sleep, but also, oddly, he feels good; it seems to be a long time since he last had a quiet night of sleep without startling awake by something unsettling in the house. And he almost forgets why.

He walks into the kitchen, yawning lazily, his brain still in the process of booting up. He walks straight into the milky white mist and emerges on the other side. The soaking coldness wakes him up immediately, like a bucket of icy water poured over his head.

"What the hell?" he jumps, then he remembers.

Castiel still stands where he was moments ago, occupying the passageway in the kitchen, presumably exactly where he stayed the whole night, looking curious and confused, but not unpleasant. "Sorry?" he says carefully, a little unsure.

"Sorry, my bad," Dean echoes, rubbing his eyes. "Should've looked my way. Forget I'm sharing now."

"I guess it's good that I won't be bumped to the ground or hurt," Cas says, moving a few steps away, leaving the kitchen unoccupied.

"Yeah," Dean answers absentmindedly, reaching for the coffee to make his pot of latte for the day, only to realize the cabinet door was open, the coffee bag shifted from its position, tilting outward but not far enough to fall, as if someone had tried to take it out but the effort wasn't quite successful.

He turns to the ghost. "You did that?"

Castiel averts his eyes sheepishly. "Yes."

"Why?"

"I thought I'd try to make some coffee before you get up, but it looks like I don't really have enough strength for that." Castiel looks at the floor in front of him, ashamed. "It took me a whole night to open that cabinet, and it already exhausted me. Sorry I can't really help with anything."

Dean raises his eyebrows. "You want to help make me some coffee."

That's a statement, not a question.

Castiel is unsure if he should answer. He looks up, hesitant. "Y-Yes. You agreed to help find the person who killed my family and me. I thought the least I could do was to make you some coffee."

Dean smiles, turning to make himself the coffee, pouring the beans into the grinder and the powder into the coffee machine. When the room starts flowing with the sweet fragrance of freshly brewed coffee, he says, "Thanks for the effort, Cas. But don't stress out, I won't ask you to share the rent or anything."

Castiel simply nods. A tight smile.

<br>

Dean spends ten extra minutes before leaving for work to examine the rooms, moving away the items he believes are made of iron. He spends another five minutes assuring Cas he'll come back after work and they can continue the investigation.

He finds himself standing outside the door, holding the keys after locking it, just staring at the apartment number for another five minutes. He finds himself thinking whether he should just call in a sick leave for the day. That makes him almost late for the meetings with his direct reports.

And after that, he has meetings with his clients, then his team for making sales plans, then replying to emails. His mind slowly moves back on track with the "normal" side of life.

He drafts a new quarter plan to be reviewed by his superior. Then he has lunch at the desk. And then more email correspondence. Followed by an unexpected phone call from a fellow colleague from the Finance Department about some new change in the forms.

He wheels around the office like a spinning top, phone and keyboard keeping him busy like a bee. But this is just part of the job, part of the life. The part he's been living for ten years after graduation and getting comfortable with.

He puts on an easy smiling face when he's in the meetings. He throws some light jokes on the table in the chats and talks. He types a hundred words per minute and doesn't feel a thing. He checks the clock on the wall, and it's still not time to go home.

Dean pauses his typing fingers and calculates briefly how long he has to stay in the office. He blinks, slightly surprised when he realizes he's even doing that -- it's the first time.

A man knocks on his office door. "You get a minute?"

Dean takes off the earphones in a hurry, standing up from behind his desk, pulling a big grin. "Yes, of course, Mr. Adler."

His superior, the senior VP of the company, steps into his office. The man has so many years of experience in the industry that people can just tell from the way he stands or walks. His body holds up that starched-up suit like it has been doing that exact job for eternity.

"How are you settling in, Dean?" the man asks, eyes cutting into Dean like he can see through everything inside his brain. Dean feels there is nowhere to hide beneath those x-ray eyes, sharp like an eagle, yet he's still just grinning warmly as if he's someone's friendly uncle. "New city, new job, hope there is no hassle?"

"No, sir, not at all," Dean answers, automatically, voice light and casual. "All going very well."

"Thought I saw you looking tired the last few days. Hopefully not burning out so quickly?" Mr. Adler observes, leaning in closer.

Dean gives a tight chuckle. "Nothing to worry about, just a new bed. It's getting a lot better now. Last night I slept like a baby."

"Good to hear. Let me know if you need anything, alright?" Mr. Adler pats his shoulder. "Good work, Dean. Really important work here."

Dean echoes numbly. "Yes I know, Mr. Adler. Really important work." He watches the man leaving his office.

It's still not the time to leave the office yet.

He answers more phone calls. He replies to more emails. He writes more documents. He checks the time again. And he doesn't really know where this restlessness comes from. And he doesn't really want to think about it.

Five o'clock. Then six. The minute the clock hits six thirty, he leaves the building promptly.

Pressing the elevator button hard, marching to his Prius, driving home in the end-of-day traffic jam, he rushes to fish his keys out, pushing the door open.

Dean doesn't realize he's holding his breath when he turns on the light. It's not like he's expecting a partner or a cooked dinner on the table, right?

But he does find Castiel standing by the window, staring outside. The river flows underneath the building, stretching from one side to the other, reflecting the night light from the buildings and traffic by its shores. The darkness and starry night light make his figure look more solid, as if just a human standing by the window, enjoying the penthouse view, waiting for someone to join him.

"You're still here," Dean says with a relieved exhale, closing the door and dropping the key on the table.

"Where would I go?" Castiel looks back at him, eyes deep. "I can't leave the house, remember?"

"Yes, but somehow I thought it might just be a bad dream or something." Dean has to admit. "Like maybe you're just my imagination."

"If that's the case, wouldn't you try to imagine something nicer? A blonde girl, maybe? Why would you even make me up?" Castiel counters, quietly glancing down to refer to his trench coat-covered figure.

That is unexpected. Dean frowns, answering slowly, "What's wrong with having you? You're nice -- enough."

Castiel's lip curves slightly at that. "Thank you?"

Dean shrugs, leaving his office bag by the door, entering the kitchen to prepare his dinner and tomorrow's lunch. "Any time," he answers, with his back to the window.

<br>

The salad is quick to prepare; the chicken breast takes slightly longer. The online recipe says you can just heat them up in the microwave oven, if you don't want to spend time preheating the oven, so Dean just places them inside a glass container and puts a five-minute on the microwave oven. It will need another five minutes on the other side once it's done.

He leans his back against the counter while waiting. Cas hovers around the fridge, looks like he's trying to watch Dean cooking but doesn't want to make it apparent. His eyes jump around the places, his glances moving from the spinning oven, Dean's hands, the counter, Dean's eyes, the sink, Dean's shoulder, the fridge door...

Dean breaks the silence. "So what did you do today? Anything interesting?"

"There was a bird outside the window in the morning." Cas looks him in the eyes now. "I was worried that would be a window strike, but it turned out the bird was just curious to see what was inside the room, I think. I wonder if it saw me."

Dean amuses with a short laugh. "Do you think it would get frightened if it found out you're a ghost?"

Cas considers it. "I hope not. But do you think there are ghosts of birds after they die? Do they go to places where humans go, afterwards?"

"I don't know, man." Then the microwave oven dings. Dean lets the topic slip when he turns to grab a wet cloth to hold the hot container.

Dean tells him about a rather annoying client call then.

When the dinner is ready, he moves to the living room, turning on the TV.

Cas hesitates at the threshold between the living room and the dining room.

Dean takes a bite of the dinner, noticing the stare now. Scooting over on the sofa, he leaves half the space empty. A silent invite.

It turns out ghosts can sit -- or at least, make the posture that looks like so. Cas sits on the empty side of the sofa, carefully not touching the spaces taken by Dean. He looks at the screen.

There are some baseball games playing on it right now.

Dean looks at it too, but soon finds he's totally not following the game. Not the points of the two sides, not even who the two teams are.

He glances at Cas from the corner of his eyes far too many times. Dean clears his throat. "Did you use to watch games like this?"

"I don't watch sports often," Cas tells him, turning his head. "My brother, Jimmy, was more interested. He used to take Amelia and Claire to live games if they happened to be in the town and they had an available weekend. I think Claire loved it too."

"What do you watch then?" Dean finds himself curious to know.

"Mostly nature. I love watching creatures and plants, all the lives that exist and thrive without human intervention. Isn't it beautiful?" Cas's eyes lose focus for a second, casting long and far. Dean wonders if he's reminded of the life when he was alive again.

"Yeah it does sound beautiful." Dean can't help but answer, and automatically prompts more questions. "Did you use to live alone? Like having dinner alone, watching TV alone, going to bed alone?" He pauses there for a second, adding. "Sorry, I didn't mean to intrude." He lets out a short huff, embarrassed.

"It's okay," Castiel answers gently. "It's not like a ghost has much privacy or secrets that are still worth protecting anyway." Dean opens his mouth, wanting to disprove, but Castiel carries on. "Yes, I live -- lived -- alone, here. I got this sofa, this TV, everything in here. Used to have my dinner in front of the TV just like you are. It wasn't bad at all, actually, I enjoyed the solitude. I was close to my brother, but we still had our separate lives."

"Yeah, I'm the same with my family," Dean knows how it feels. "I have a little sister, Jo. Still in school, pain in the ass. We're close growing up, but now that I've moved to this new city, we mostly just talk over the phone now. I'm okay with the room being quiet too, in fact sometimes I think this is the only quietness I could ever get, since I finally don't have to share a room with that little monster."

Castiel chuckles. "I remember when Claire was much younger, we called her a little monster too. Sometimes she would quite literally tear the whole room apart, the toys would be scattered everywhere, parts by parts, but other times she was just like a small angel." His voice gets lower. Dean knows exactly what's on his mind.

He turns to face the ghost straight, telling him what he has already said yesterday, voice gentle but firm. "We'll find him, Cas. Whoever did this, they'll pay."

Cas nods solemnly. "Thank you."

<br>

Dean spends the rest of the night in front of the laptop.

The police can't find anything, which means it's probably a difficult as hell puzzle to solve. But a person can't just vanish in thin air -- not when they're not ghosts. Then the proof must be out there, the identity must be there, and the answer must be there. One just needs to know the right place to look.

Dean searches the traffic cameras in the surrounding area outside the power outage zones. But the area range is too big; it is no different from looking for a needle in a barn of hay.

But he still tries. He watches the footage, he notes down the car plates crossing the view around that time, he takes screenshots of people walking around the area that look remotely suspicious. Meanwhile --

"You know, Cas, it would be so much easier if you could just remember the face when it all happened."

"I'm sorry, but the memory is still too fuzzy."

"But it's coming back though, right? You remember more things today than before, I can see that, when you told me about your favorite TV program, or your brother and your niece."

"Yes, it seems to be so. But I don't know if it will ever be clear enough to identify the killer or if it would even work as any proof in court, if we want to send him to prison for punishment."

"We'll figure something out."

Dean doesn't lie down until his vision is swimming from staring at the screen for way too long and he's practically nodding off. Cas urges him to go to rest.

"Let me just finish one more clip." He forces his eyelids open, clicking open another clip of camera footage, stubborn and insistent.

"You can't help if you burn out." Cas tries to push his shoulder.

His transparent fingers pass through Dean, the chillness leaving a shudder of goosebumps, surprisingly refreshing.

Dean shakes his head, waking himself up. "Well, anything to capture that son of a bitch one day earlier. Even just one hour earlier."

Cas sighs, leaning beside the chair quietly, staring at the same midnight tape with him. The screen shivers with a glitch of white noise as he settles in.

Dean gives him a quick amused glance. He's getting quite familiar with all the ghosting effects now.

They finish examining all the footages that cover the roads heading east out of the block by the time the sky is turning lighter.

Dean throws himself into the bed, not even having enough energy to take off his shirt or turn off the light.

His bedside lamp flickers once and goes out by itself.
