---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Unfinished Business（Chap.5）（1）
date: 2025-12-23 18:41
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 SPN AU Big Bang
long_novels: 【Destiel】Unfinished Business
---

Dean doesn't know how he gets back to his office, or how he gets back home, that day.

The rest of the day feels empty. So is his chest.

He turns on the lights in his apartment when he gets home. The room is deafeningly quiet. Without the existence of another being.

Not like he's expecting a partner or a hot meal or anything.

He finishes the heated dinner alone. He lets the TV on for a while and then turns it off.

He talks with the plant on his dining table, a lot. And keeps asking it to tap once, tap twice. But the plant doesn't react to his words.

Dean lies down on his bed when it's his bedtime, and stares at the ceiling for long hours, listening, waiting for the sound of a leaking pipe, or the dropping temperature, or the sensation of being watched. But there is nothing.

He doesn't go to sleep until he exhausts himself from rethinking everything that happened in the past three weeks. And he dreams of the man, standing in a movie theatre, wearing a trench coat.

<br>

He barely smiles in his working meetings now. Or smiles at all.

It's almost as if a piece of him is missing, and Dean thinks, it really shouldn't affect him that much. But it does.

The room is too quiet, too empty, too big.

He even considers terminating the rent early and moving out. He obviously doesn't need all this space for himself.

But when he sits down at the table, unconsciously placing two plates for two take-out burgers, exactly one month after he first met Cas, he decides, he'll keep living in this apartment just a little longer.

Mr. Adler checks on him once, soon after, asking if he's alright.

Dean has to put on the facsimile of a smile for him, saying he's just tired.

He's offered a raise, and Dean thanks him.

The money doesn't seem important now, nor is work, nor is everything else, really. He feels he suddenly forgets the answer to a very important question: *What's the point of all of this?*

What's the point if he can't help people. What's the point if he can't even save just one of them whom he cared.

He thinks he knew the answer once, but he forgot now.

Lying on the bed, he thinks and thinks, and dreams about that man again.

<br>

By the second month, he's fairly certain this is just going to be the rest of his boring, hollow life, waning in the nine-to-six life.

But then, a pipe leaks in his bathroom.

He hears the water dripping. He runs into the bathroom so quickly that he bumps into the door and hurts his toe, but he doesn't care.

*Drip, drip, drip...*

He watches the falling water drops with such fascination that the hope almost dizzies him. The sound of the dripping water is the most beautiful music to his ear.

"Cas? Is that you?" He asks the leaking pipe.

The water just drops.

He doesn't call maintenance for a whole week. But in the end, they say, it really is just a leaking pipe.

Dean presses the bridge of his nose, thinking he's going crazy.

<br>

The week after that, his TV signal is disturbed by some unknown electrical disturbance. The screen shows fuzzy snowflakes briefly in the middle of a baseball game.

Dean sits straight on his sofa. But then the baseball comes back.

The week after, it's the printer spitting out a piece of white paper. It doesn't have any words on it, but it shouldn't just turn on and spit out the paper either.

Dean waits by the printer for long hours. But it doesn't do it again.

Mr. Adler comes to him again. "Are you still willing to continue working here?" he asks.

"Yes, Mr. Adler," Dean tells him, tiredly but managing his best sense of respect.

"Are you happy here?" the man asks again. This conversation seems to happen quite many times now, in their regular sync-ups.

Dean's lips twitch. *Happy?* He's about to forget what that feels like.

"Yes," he lies.

"So you don't have any other place you'd rather be, or a different life to live, perhaps?" the man raises his eyebrows.

Dean shakes his head. "No, sir."

Mr. Adler seems to be both pleased and displeased by his answer, leaving his office.

Dean watches his back, wondering briefly what answer Mr. Adler was expecting to hear. And then he decides he doesn't really care what other people think.

<br>

He comes back home that day. Which is three months after the event, four months after he moved into the apartment.

The light in the apartment flickers. All of them. Whether they were powered or not. Whether they were on or off. They flicker like stars in the sky, like eyes blinking.

Dean feels his eyes sting again. The view is way too familiar, but he doesn't dare to keep his hope high.

His lips quiver. "Cas?"

The misty shape converges slowly, unstably, but surely, the figure of the man reemerges. "Hello, Dean."

Tears fall from the corners of his eyes again.
