---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Unfinished Business（Chap.2）（1）
date: 2025-03-08 03:01
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 SPN AU Big Bang
long_novels: 【Destiel】Unfinished Business
---

Dean is actually surprised that he still manages to stand on his two feet, not collapsing, yet. He stares at the white fog that is continuously changing shapes, dispersing and gathering, like a swarm of bees dancing, like something that might have some consciousness but is not entirely sure yet. Like a bad old-time TV trying to receive some faint signal, making the snowflake image clearer.

Under his gaze, the shape slowly settles, assembling into the figure of a man. Human-like, almost, if not considering the flickering translucent color. Young, about his age, Dean observes. Casual business clothing but disheveled, tie and suit tousy, the trench coat splattered in red. He looks disoriented, his face as confused as a traveler lost in the woods.

Dean's hands are still gripped tight on the doorknob, but he forgets rattling it. He just stares at the figure that is most definitely a ghost -- fits every single ghost story in common urban legends, minus the whooping and chasing after him and killing part.

The ghost settles finally -- as stable as the old-time black-and-white TV can be, receiving its best signal already.

Dean swallows, leaning his back against the door. "Who are you?"

The reasonable part of his brain immediately starts mocking him the moment his throat works. *Try starting a small conversation with a freaking ghost? What's he thinking?*

The figure shivers slightly, as if thinking and processing his words are taking too much of his energy that he can't focus on keeping the appearance, like the bad TV signal is losing connection. His eyes fall on Dean, intense, frowning. He's thinking hard, Dean realizes. But the exhausted frown is already telltale enough that he can't remember much before he starts talking.

"I -- don't really know," the ghost answers, hesitant, his voice low, looking even more confused than moments ago.

The lights and noises around them get slightly quieter now. Lights stabler, blender spinning slower, water tubs shutting.

Dean gives a quick glimpse of the surroundings. No permanent damage done.

"This is you?" He uses his eyes to refer to the rest of the home. The ghost gets the notion.

"I... guess so." Still hesitant, still slow and low. Looking slightly embarrassed, if Dean parses the dropping eyes correctly.

"Huh, Hell of an entrance," Dean huffs.

"Sorry." The ghost looks truly apologetic. "I didn't mean to. I don't even know I can..."

Then things go back to normal. The printer spits out one last paper, the blinking LED signal dies down, then it falls to silence. So does the coffee machine and blender and everything else.

Dean takes these in slowly, his brain still processing "he's talking with a real ghost that is haunting his apartment" part of the new information.

"Hmm, you're new? In this haunting thing?" Words roll out of his tongue without permission.

"I'm not sure about that either." This is probably the hundredth time tonight he hears the ghost say the same thing and it looks like there will be a hundred times more.

"What *do* you remember, then? A name, address, cause of death, anything?" Dean doesn't really know how, but somehow, he feels bad for the ghost. He tries to shake away the feeling, because -- that's just weird, isn't it?

The ghost looks down at himself, as if he's also just starting to take himself in, the hands, the clothes, the place he's standing. He looks at his own translucent palms, then looks back at Dean. He says, quietly, a little sadly, "I'm dead."

<br>

Dean almost laughs. But he knows he shouldn't. Bad manners even for socializing with a ghost.

He holds back the pull at the lips, feeling the tight muscle on his shoulders start relaxing. His hands have left the doorknob long since. He forgets to check if the door is still locked or not.

"Yeah, I can see that." A pause, then adds. "Sorry about that."

The ghost tilts his head slightly, as if in appreciation. "It's ok," he says, gentle. "It's not your fault."

Dean is truly amused this time, having to wipe his face to hide the unavoidable chuckle. He walks into the room by a few steps, turning on the dining room light, taking a better look at the ghost.

He looks pale, but Dean is not sure if he was like this all along or if being a ghost would simply have the decoloring effect. His lips are thin and tight, puckering into a sad line. His hair is unraveling, his eyes are bright blue, not shadowed even by the ghostly dim. If Dean is honest with himself, the man looks quite attractive as he is, if only he were not a ghost. But the splattering blood stain on his trench coat doesn't stop reminding him.

Dean gestures to the proof of disaster or crime scene on his clothes, remarking, "That doesn't look good. Quite a lot of blood you got there, looks like some really bad tragedy to me."

The ghost nods, seriously. "I think so too." As if they're talking about some other people's tragedy in the newspaper. His eyes linger on Dean more than anywhere else.

Dean finds it hard to ignore his eyes even if he tries to, as if the heaviest thing this ghost has, is the weight of his stare. He holds the stare for a long minute, a familiar sense of being seen, being watched, being observed, comes back.

Dean swallows, suddenly realizing. "That's you hanging around, haunting me the last few days, aren't you, when I couldn't see you? Dude, it's freaking creepy! I got insomnia, and... and headache and all. You scared the shit out of me!"

The ghost looks ashamed, shifting eyes, then shifting his whole shape, his figure flickering violently as if he's going to disappear just because of the shame he's bearing and radiating. "Sorry," then, "I truly didn't mean to make you comfortable." The color of the white fog that forms him starts dimming, slowly showing the trend of sinking into invisible transparency.

Dean doesn't realize it before he steps toward him automatically, reaching out a hand as if trying to grab a person. "Hey, wait. Don't go." Then he realizes the tip of his fingers only catches some chillness around that shape. He draws back his hands like he touches the electrical line.

The ghost frowns deeper, but his shape stabilizes. He stays.

"I thought..."

Dean touches the back of his neck. Uneasy. "I mean, you'll still be here even if I can't see you, right? Might as well stay."

The ghost contemplates it for a moment. "I guess. But I wouldn't know if I'm still me when I'm invisible, when I can't even sense my own existence. Which leads to a philosophical question: what is *being*?"

"Can we not go into metaphysics and philosophy? Reading those always makes my head hurt, and I only did them for college credits," Dean protests. The ghost complies in silence, lips compressed together.

"I can use some company too, not like I have many people to talk to outside work." He gives another quick glance around the apartment. This is a big place. Big, and full of empty space.

"I'm happy to stay," the ghost says. "Not like I have anywhere else to go."

Dean raises an eyebrow. "You can't leave this place? At all?" He gestures at the door.

"No, I tried. There are invisible walls everywhere," the ghost answers simply. "Like a prison cell."

Dean huffs in sympathy. "Sounds no fun. Did you try 'Beetlejuice'?"

The ghost quirks his head, a blank look. "I don't understand that reference."

Dean makes a short laughing sound. "Bad joke, sorry. A weird old movie though, watched it when I was maybe ten. But guess Tim Burton can't be a reliable ghost 101 guide."

"Then what is?"

"Real-life experiment, and some research. We gotta at least find your name or something, I can't just keep calling you 'ghost', am I? It's like you calling me 'human'." Dean chuckles quietly, reaches out a hand toward the ghost's shoulder, but only to remember again that it isn't someone he can pat on the shoulder, and retracts his hand before he reaches the ghostly cloud.

"I guess not." The thin white fog fluctuates, dissipating and reemerging on the edge like the rhythms of sea waves, like a human breathing. "What should I call you then?"

"Dean," Dean says easily, motioning to his right hand, clenching it in the gesture of shaking hands. "I would shake your hands if you are not... you know."

The ghost nods understandably. "It's okay. Hello, Dean."

"Come on, buddy," Dean spins around to gesture at his desk. "Let's find out what happened to you."

<br>

"I never know there are so many people writing about ghosts all the time. Do they really know something about something or are they just keeping making things up?" Dean frowns at his laptop screen, too many webpages opened, cramming the small screen, images and texts all over. The ghost stays a step away from him, looking from the side.

"Maybe both?" the ghost answers, half-heartedly.

"Wouldn't they get exposed lying if someone really tests their theories?" Dean throws a glance at the ghost, seeing his solemn look, eyes locked on the screen.

The light from the laptop shines bright, almost piercing through the foggy color the ghost is in, making him look more transparent and pale than before. But somehow Dean thinks he can see him more clearly this way. Maybe it's the distance. They are only inches away. He can see the five o'clock stubble covering his jaw, lips dry and chapped, the skin tanned and covered with pores and hairs, not the smoothened blank sheet that is no different from a two-dimensional illustration the ghosting glare makes him look. There was a real person there, before the ghost, underneath the ghost, maybe there still is. Dean blinks, taking a deep breath in, then breathing it out.

"Maybe there aren't so many ghosts around for them to be tested," the ghost says, thinking. "-- which makes me a weird one."

"Or a lucky one," Dean says quickly. "You never know."

The ghost turns his look from the screen back to himself, taking in his own bloody shape, then looking at Dean. "I don't feel like one."

Dean grimaces. "Point taken."

<br>

The suggestions from Ghostbusters are not exactly realistic, but the ones from Ghostfacers look doable.

Dean checks their website and resumes. Their experiences seem to have a solid track record, with dates and locations and hows and whys.

Dean clicks open one of their headline how-to videos tited "Ghost Introduction." The unprofessional -- in his businessman's customary mind -- unshaped opening lines delivered by the two boys who look barely out of school make him almost want to close the page five seconds in, but curiosity makes him stay. Besides, the ghost that is right by his side looks highly concentrated on what they're going to say.

Dean does not make any remark, just keeps watching.

"The first step in any supernatural fight," they say, then a lot more loudly together with the same words blink huge and dramatically on the center of the screen -- "Figure out what you're up against."

Dean frowns at the video, talking to the two ghost-hunting boys on the screen, a little annoyed, "I never said I want a 'fight' or an 'up-against'. Just show me what to do."

He checks the ghost beside him, realizing he's glancing at him too.

"Thank you," the ghost answers, eyes sad and loppy, "but still, it would be nice to know what I am or who I am -- or was."

Dean finds his heart aching at the pained look on the ghost's face. "Don't worry, we'll find out," he tells him, saying it like a promise.

<br>

They work with what they know, which isn't a lot, but -- "Even the smallest hint can be a major lead sometimes, Holmes," says Dean, as he grabs a fresh new blank paper (thankfully the printer didn't use up all of them when it was going all Shining mode), and starts listing everything they know:

*\- You are dead → the only thing you can remember*

("Wait, so, is that why you were writing the word 'dead' all over my mirror and my printer? Because you can't think of anything else?"

"Like I said..."

"Yeah I get that, you don't remember much. Limited memory and vocabulary resources. Like little babies."

"I'm not a baby."

"Anyway, but you freaked me out! You know that? Thought you wanted to kill me or something!"

"Sorry.")

*\- You are a ghost, you can walk and talk → facts*

("So you're dead, but not dead enough? Like zombies. Do we know if we want to make you dead-er or un-dead?"

"How's that going to help?"

"I don't know, just doing a little divergent thinking here, might give us some ideas.")

*\- Can't leave house → died inside this apartment?*

("Got the idea from 'Beetlejuice' again, sorta make sense."

"I told you, Dean, I don't understand..."

"It's okay, I can stream it for you later.")

*\- Suit, tie, trench coat → tax accountant? sales? businessman?*

("Anything ring a bell?"

"Not particularly.")

*\- A lot of blood → murder? natural disaster? More than one death?*

("Any idea how you died or where are the wounds?"

"Not really."

"Can ghosts feel pain?"

"I hope not.")

<br>

Dean chews the back of the pen, mindlessly drawing a circle around the word "blood". He glances at Castiel.

"Come over here." Dean waves him over, tuning the floor lamp to the maximum lumination, scrutinizing the blood stains more closely, studying their distribution and shape and quantity.

His brain does the automatic analysis: cutting which vein can cause a splatter like this -- a broken artery can pump the splattering blood as high as the ceiling, a vena usually drips downwards instead of upwards unless they are close to the heart atrium. The amount of blood and shape and direction of the splatter mean...

The mind process startles Dean even himself. *How the hell does he know all those things?*

"Looks like more than one victim to me," he hears his lips saying, giving the verdict of a conclusion. "And the weapon might be something sharp, a blade perhaps? Stabbed right into the heart. Aimed to kill. There's something else..."

He hesitates there. The ghost meets his gaze. "What?"

"The thing is, it can't all be your blood. Because otherwise it would all be sputters outwards, not like these ones here," Dean gestures at the blood stains near the lower part of his trench coat, "falling onto the clothes like this. The trajectory doesn't look right. Which means you were there when some other people were killed. Then the question is, how did *they* die?" He narrows his eyes.

"Other people?" the ghost echoes, sounding even more hurt and sad than realizing that he is dead, his voice broken. Then he realizes the meaning in Dean's eyes. His eyes widen, "You don't think I'm the one who killed them, then committed suicide or something, do you?"

"I don't know what to think," Dean says bluntly, looking away, looking down at his own hands, looking at the screen that is still too bright and hurting his eyes, looking everywhere but where the ghost is.

But his gut wrenches at the idea, as if merely considering the possibility has made him sick without his brain understanding why. His throat is pulled by the instinct to quickly speak again, "No, I don't think it's you." He considers for another second, looking back at the ghost in his blazingly blue eyes, "I don't think it's in you."

The ghost looks greatly relieved at hearing that. "Thank you, Dean."

Dean wants to say some more. *You don't look like a killer to me. You didn't actively try to murder me before I knew you were there.* But what does he know what a killer looks like? He doesn't even like watching horror ghost movies. And he certainly doesn't want to accidentally say the wrong thing that triggers the "non-killer" ghost, making him suddenly turn into a killer one just because his inappropriate words offend him, or worse, upset him too much that he disappears.

So Dean just bites his tongue, and turns back to the list he's working on, staring at it, drafting lines and circles mindlessly on the written words, adding more notes, then suddenly realizes something. He draws two circles and one line connecting "can't leave house" and "more than one death", a new arrow leading to a new thought: "past resident accidents".

Dean breathes out long, relaxed like he just finished Saturday's crosswords in the New York Times.

"What does that have to do with anything?" The ghost shifts closer, pointing at the new words he just wrote down. The temperature near his fingers drops a few degrees.

Dean doesn't shiver or shift away this time.

"Everything," he grins, pleased with himself at the new finding.
