---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Angelic Black Death（Chap.1）Here We Go, Again（4）
date: 2024-11-05 01:47
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: DCBB
long_novels: 【SPN】Angelic Black Death
---

The gate is not guarded by any angel. The whole playground is totally empty, no sign of any human or angel. Considering most of the angels are busy tendering their new disease outburst, it's more or less expected.

Dean still frowns at the place. He never likes this place, after the angels made the playground a Heaven elevator portal, nothing good ever happened every time anyone is near here.

The air in the Impala goes quiet for a few minutes after the car parks, all three of them fall into their own thoughts, before Dean breaks the silence. "You ready?" He turns to Cass in the back seat.

"Just do it." Castiel answers gravely.

There is not much space in the Impala to make it a comfortable surgery table, so they have to make do. Castiel leans back on the back seat next to the door with his eyes closed, Dean holds the syringe tight and close to his skin near the neck, and Sam holds the flask besides him, watching them with his worried eyes.

Dean swallows, eyes wandering around Castiel's vulnerable bare skin by the throat, remembering this is exactly how every time he got his throat cut and grace taken, now he's trusting him to do the exact same worst thing to himself. Dean has to use his left hand to steady the right one, like holding a gun for the first time.

Dean takes another breath, and finally pushes out for the last inch. It turns out that it is fairly easy to stab a needle into someone's neck and start extracting -- or maybe it's just that the angel biology being different from human. Bright glowing light starts flowing into the syringe, Dean can't help stare at the beautiful light in there, his eyes get caught by the color and brightness of the light uncontrollably, his heart bumps with a sudden knowledge that to some extent, he might be looking at Cass' true form right now, no matter how small the portion is.

When he tears his eyes away, Dean notices Cass clenches his teeth tight with deep lines between his brows. His breath catches pace too, getting deeper and quicker, clearly enduring some huge pain.

Dean stops immediately, though the syringe is already pretty full with grace. He takes the needle out of Cass, asking eagerly with a hand landed on angel's shoulder, "How you feeling?"

"Continue." Cass breathes out the single word between his gritted teeth.

Dean sighs, pushes the tube into the flask, and starts extracting the second time. And then the third.

Cass looks worse by each minute, sweat rolling down from his forehead, his body sliding down weakly on the seat.

"Okay I don't think we should..." Dean frowns deeply and ready to give up on this terrible plan, Cass is just looking awful.

Castiel grabs his wrist to prevent him from taking the needle out. "Keep. Going." His voice hoarse and husky.

"Tell me I'm not killing you." Dean growls at him.

"You are not." Cass has to catch a breath between every few words, "You're doing the right thing." His eyes are still closed tight, probably to hold back the pain, Dean thinks.

"Yeah sometimes the right thing sucks." Dean barks, "Tell me when to stop."

He can see the light in the syringe is already getting noticeably thinner, he can almost vividly imagine the mojo tank inside Cass getting lower as he drains.

"Almost there." Cass holds both hands on the edge of the seat to prevent himself from further sliding down, but even his fingers are too weak now to really do anything. His knuckles are white, more sweat pouring down.

Dean sees it all. "Okay we'll call it a day." He decides, gives up waiting for Cass' signal, taking the syringe away and handing to Sam, like he can't bear to hold the damn thing one more second, like it's a criminal evidence that he's hurting Cass.

Cass breathes heavily, his chest rising up and down with rhythms of an uneven tide on the edge of a storm. Dean feels just as shitty and can't stop beating himself in his mind.

"Ready to take a walk?" He means to use a light joking tone but fails, the concern and worry leaking from his eyes into his voice.

Cass finally opens his eyes and looks back. Dean thinks even the blue in his eyes fades somewhat with the lack of grace, but maybe it's just the effect of the light.

Cass tries to climb out of the Impala on his own but staggers so much he almost falls to the ground, Dean lends his shoulder to help and holds him to the gate.

"Think you'll be alright going upstairs and coming back by yourself?" Dean hesitates by the edge when Cass steps onto the sand.

Cass gives him a weak nod. "I'll be back as soon as possible." He says, and then the portal lights up.

Sands rise and spin like a mini-sandstorm. Cass lets out a moan that sounds far too close to a suppressed silent scream, as if he is being burnt alive or torn apart by horses running different directions but uses all his power to swallow back that pain so that Dean might miss it. But Dean didn't. Dean yells his name, can't help himself from instantly reaching out a hand and almost stepping on to the sand, trying to drag Cass back down.

"No, Dean! Don't!" Real panic echoes in Cass' voice.

Dean feels their fingers might have touched for a split second, but immediately there is a force throwing him out. He stumbles back a few steps, by the time he re-steadies himself, the sandstorm has settled down, and Castiel is no longer there.
