---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Angelic Black Death（Chap.2）Heaven on Edge（7）
date: 2024-11-13 01:46
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: DCBB
long_novels: 【SPN】Angelic Black Death
---

Castiel doesn't remember much about anything when Lucifer walked him around. The memory is all fuzzy and vague, the image and sound from the outside world was just a low buzzing white noise signal like the one refrigerators would usually make.

He managed to find a TV and a place with the best signal in his head -- the bunker kitchen where he shared so many beers and so much laughter and jokes with the Winchesters -- and that's about it. Hours after hours, he just kept his eyes locked on the screen, which is not that different from watching bees. Tiny digital characters moving around on the screen was just like bees flying, even the buzzing sounds were familiar. Castiel didn't really mind if he had to watch them for eons without doing anything.

But then he does start to remember that day when Lucifer visited the Heaven. The same day the Darkness visited. The little TV he held close to his chest had worse signal than ever, images froze a lot, sound track was terribly delayed. It wasn't an easy day inside his own brain, but he decided he didn't really want to know what was happening out there. So he stayed in there, just staring at the snowy laggy TV screen.

And then, it happened.

The table was shaking, cabinets and shelves slipping around on the kitchen floor, crashing against the wall and falling to the ground. All the cups and glasses and things shattered to pieces. Cracks showed up on the luminous screen, fragments of glass shattering everywhere. He was afraid the TV might explode, and he briefly wondered, if it does break, how would he kill the rest of the time he'd spent in here -- which is probably, possibly, *forever*.

And then all the lights went out completely at the same time. The whole room fell into pure darkness, and the floor just continued shaking like an earthquake. The gravity direction shifted quickly, changing from downwards to sidewards then upwards. Cass got thrown across room, hitting the wall next to the door, and then got mercilessly thrown onto the ceiling of the room, crashing onto the ceiling lamp by his back bone, feeling glass and metals stabbed into his skin, and finally ended up with all fours on the ground again, bloodied and motion-sickened.

He sort of expected Lucifer might show up after that, bragging about what he did today, his cocky voice floating around, filling the space. But no, the Devil didn't show that day. Actually he didn't even see him for quite a while after that. Lucifer must be busy, busy saving the world as he promised, Castiel distantly hoped, but even if he didn't keep his promise, he was sure Sam and Dean would figure something out. They always do, and Castiel only hope this archangel weapon he secured by his body could make that task easier for them.

Castiel didn't connect the dots together then, but he does now. That incident of mere seconds, must be the exact time when the Darkness invaded the Heaven and blew everyone up, Lucifer included.
