---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Angelic Black Death（Chap.3）Rock Never Dies（1）
date: 2024-12-04 02:17
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Vince Vincente", "Lucifer"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: DCBB
long_novels: 【Destiel】Angelic Black Death
---

Vince Vincente is not having a good day.

The show tonight was actually great, Tommy and the rest of the band were excited, the crowd was loud. Though honestly, he doesn't see the point of having a regroup for the Ladyheart, he's just doing those old friends a favor.

"They are hosting the biggest metal music festival on the planet and they invited us." Tommy told him on the phone when he was driving half way across the country. He didn't bother to ask who are "they" but just listened.

"I think it would be nice to have a reprise, you know? Get a few concerts for some practice run, find the old feelings like we are still twenties." Tommy talked faster and faster, undoubtedly taken away by the thought.

"And then in the festival, bang, we show, we sing, we might go back on top again. Who knows, it can be another 1985 Live Aid again, you might regret the rest of your life if you turn this down. So what do you say? You in it with us, Vince?" Tommy urged him.

"Okay then." Vince answered plainly, uninterested but he knew better than disappointing the only few friends he still had.

"Oh and, one more thing," Tommy added hesitantly, "it's gonna be in LA, you ok with that?"

He is not ok with it. Not at all. He said "Sure" back then in the phone just to make Tommy's life easier, but it's making his life back to Hell again.

"Jen." Vince sits down in front of the makeup mirror, looking down at the photo of the woman he loved and lost thirty years ago.

This place, Los Angeles, it's where everything between them started and ended. He has been avoiding the place for thirty years, but now he's back again.

Memory devours him like rising tide devouring a novice surfer. Vince can't really breath, his chest is clenched tight.

"Vince--" A woman's voice is calling him, barely audible.

"Jen?" He answers automatically, looking around. He can tell Jen's voice from anywhere.

But he's all alone. Remote chatters and music drifting from outside the door, but inside, he's pretty sure he's all alone. The single light bulb on top of the make-up mirror flickers once.

*Too tired and too messed-up maybe? That he even started hallucinating her voice?* Vince mocks at himself. If it's punishment, he deserves it.

Cold night wind blows into the room, giving him a shiver. It's almost summer time in Los Angeles, even the night time shouldn't be so cold. A thin thread of thought wonders briefly but drops the attention after a blink.

He only glances at the window briefly. White curtains fly up in the wind ominously like a woman's dancing dress. Or a woman's swaying skirt when she is falling from the penthouse.

*Jen has a skirt just like that.* He frantically thinks, panic starts climbing from his spine.

"Vince--" The voice gets louder, the sound of breath gets mixed in the wind.

Vince holds his hands on his head. "Jen, please--" he pleas, tears gathering at the edge of his eyes.

He feels the floor shakes. Once, twice. But is it earthquake or his leg shaking, he cannot tell.

He thinks the lightbulb on the mirror starts flickering again too. More intensely going brighter then darker, and brighter again. Or maybe it's just the tears making the effect.

He swallows hard on the lump in the throat, letting the tears rolling down. "Jen, I'm so so sorry--" he talks into the cold night wind in the middle of the room.

"Why?" The woman asks.

The voice is far too solid to be a hallucination. Vince snaps up his head and stares through his teary eyes.

Undoubtedly, Jen stands right there, in her beautiful white dress, even still wearing her favorite lipstick color, the sparkling pink. He remembers it tastes like strawberry.

Vince breathes heavily. "Is this a dream?" he asks, looking around the room again as if it can give him some answer.

"No, my love," Jen smiles at him, walking closer, "not a dream." The edge of her dress floating around her bare feet.

Vince can't do anything but looks at her movement, taking her in. Jen puts a hand on his jaw, caressing the stubble.

"I'm right here." she smiles gently, looking into his eyes, "but you didn't ask the right question."

"Are you--" Vince stumbles, tilting his head, leaning into her hand. He blinks the tears away to take a proper look at the woman standing inches away from him. He takes another deep breaths, asking shakily, "-- are you really you?"

"No," The woman that looks like Jen answers, her smile not fading but growing warmer, her hands still moving on Vince's face, "better. I'm an angel."

Vince can't tear his gaze away, he can't move his head or body away, he just can't. Everything in her is drawing him in, and he's too tired to think or resist. He leans in more, dropping his head so his lips are almost already ghosting around her skin.

"Angel..." he murmurs under his breaths, his brain fails to register the meaning.

"I can't bring her back," she says as she moves the hand to his scalp, fingers lingering on his hair behind the ear, "but I can make the pain go away."

She tiptoes slightly, her mouth right next to his cheek now, mild airflow flowing by his face, mixed with a faint taste of fruity sweetness. Vince closes his eyes, indulging himself in the memory when Jen did that because she knew how much he loves it.

"As long as you say yes." Jen's voice mingles with the image in the memory. Vince doesn't need to be told twice.

"Yes." he chokes in shaky teary voice, opens his eyes to look into his love's eyes.

"Yes." he says again, eyes closed tight.

The woman's figure dissipates. The lightbulb behind him flickers violently and finally goes out with a loud explosion sound.

Vince staggers briefly, takes two steps back before stabling himself.

He opens his eyes and looks into the mirror in the dark.

Two bloody red eyes look back at him.
