---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Angelic Black Death（Chap.1）Here We Go, Again（1）
date: 2024-11-01 02:24
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 DCBB
long_novels: 【Destiel】Angelic Black Death
---

They're celebrating. Just the three of them in the bunker's kitchen, Sam, Dean, and Cass, with several dozens of beer and a full table of (now almost empty) pizza boxes. But nevertheless, it's a big celebration.

"Finally, finally!" Dean is saying, over a bottle of beer, can't stop beaming, "A big win long overdue, here we go!"

"Yeah I hear you." Sam agrees, a little over himself too, lazily leaning into the seat by the wall, sipping his share of beer. "No God, no Darkness, no angel or demon, no new freaking Apocalypse, no bigger disaster when the old one is barely missed. How long have we ever really get this much peace?"

Cass seriously considers his question. "At least eleven years ago." He answers, with a straight face.

Dean looks up from his bottle, smiling even brighter, "Good to have you back, Cass."

Castiel meets his eyes and nods, "So are you, Dean. I'm very glad you're okay."

Dean studies his face, and Cass holds his stare -- actually, from where Sam is, it looks like they are just both silently researching each other, microscoping and dissecting, looking for tiniest trace of something ominous hidden beneath the surface, looking at something they haven't seen in a long while, as if they didn't pretty much spend every second of the last couple hours together.

"How are you really, Cass?" Dean breaks first, voice soft. Judging by how Cass parts his lips and pauses, he is beaten by a millisecond by the very same question he was just about to ask Dean.

"I'm fine." Cass answers without really thinking, but his smile drops a tiny little, the voice mingled in a very quiet sigh. He shifts his eyes, turns to take a deep drink of whatever liquor that was sitting in the glass in front of him.

"No post-Devil-possession syndrome?" Dean chases his eyes, "Just, you know, when have things ever been easy for us? I'm just thinking loud, in case there is anything, we might want to give the celebration a rain check."

Cass stares back with slightly widened eyes, "No, there is no such syndrome, and I'm fine."

With that, he narrows his eyes and throws the question back, "What about you? No 'post-Darkness-entanglement-and-soul-bomb' syndrome?"

His fingers did an air quote, Dean's eyes dropped on his fingers, flickering with amusement. He answers with a shrug and a small grin, "Nope, nothing, all peachy."

"Great! Uh, that is, great!" Sam chips in, looking at the watch on his wrist in a very deliberate motion. "Well, it's late, and it's been a hell of a day. Think I'll hit bed now."

Dean hums an acknowledgement, takes another drink slowly, then asks thoughtfully, "Don't you think, after the sun was gone and then came back, shouldn't the time be reset or something? Like, it's a new day or whatever? Hell, it's probably a whole new era when future historians look back. We got a BC/AD two thousand years ago, about time for another one. What should we call it? BD/AG, Before-Darkness and After-God era?"

Sam lets out a short chuckle, "Wow, Aristotle, I'll leave you to think about that." He stands up and pats his brother on the shoulder briefly, nods at Cass on his way out, and then disappears outside of the kitchen door.

Dean and Cass look at the direction where Sam took off, taking gulps of drink almost simultaneously, enjoying the comfortable lazy silence between them for a while longer.

"You know what this reminds me of?" Dean holds out a finger, vaguely gesturing the glasses of drinks between them -- or maybe it's gesturing the two of them, who knows -- looking expectantly at Cass.

Cass looks at him curiously. The sprout of a new grin is waiting at the tip of his tilting lip, suggesting another joke that Castiel knows he is likely not going to get. He asks anyway, "What?"

"Seven years ago, that brothel. You and me, drinking." Dean can't hold back his laugh any longer, laughter creases the edge of his eyes, "I think that's the first time you actually drink, isn't it? Now look at you --"

As if on cue, Castiel finishes the glass in front of him on one long gulp. He wipes his mouth with the back of his hand before answering, "I learned it from you."

"You learned from the best." Dean comments, satisfactorily, searching for more bottles that are not emptied on the desk.

They continue chatting. They talk and laugh. They share old funny stories. Dean doesn't consider himself nostalgia, usually, so this must be alcohol's fault that everything is getting dizzy and light-headed that he just wants to keep this moment longer. This moment when he knows everything is safe and sound, everyone he cares about are home and comfortable, Sammy in bed, just as if he is still an eight-year-old chubby kid that needs to go to bed by nine, and his best friend right by his side. A lingering reasonable sense is whispering to him that this might just be the postmortem affect of adrenaline rising too high and haven't come back to normal level yet. The other part of him only wants *this* longer -- his swimming brain can't really name properly what *this* is exactly, but the peace and quiet is just right and comfortable as it is, so he decides he likes it, indulges himself in *this* longer, wills *this* to last longer, before anything else disrupts. So Dean reaches for the next drink, and keeps talking.

After god knows how long, Dean loses sense of time long ago, and Cass finally tears himself away from his drink and presses a palm on top of an open glass to prevent it from being raised to meet Dean's lips again.

"Dean," he says quietly but firmly, "I don't think it's wise to keep drinking more."

Dean shakes his head briefly to clear his mind, looks like as if a warm bubble around his head just get popped and he is trying to sink back to the seat from his floating state. "Guess you're right," he mummers sleepily, "as much as I‘d like to stay, I'm probably too old for the overnight carnival and celebration now. Need to pass out for a couple hours." He stands up staggeringly, his eyes can barely stay open now, he'll own that to more tiredness than drunkenness.

"I understand." Cass stands up too, follows him out of the kitchen and helps Dean get back to his room before his crooked footsteps take any wrong turn.

"Get some rest, Dean." Cass says, his hands holding some of Dean's weight until making sure he's secure on his own bed. Then he gestures the other end of the corridor, "I'll just take the guest room."

"Good night, Cass." Dean mumbles, though Castiel suspects he might already fell in sleep before finishing the sentence.

Cass turns off the light, lingering by the door in the dark for two seconds too long. "Good night, Dean."
