---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Angelic Black Death（Chap.2）Heaven on Edge（5）
date: 2024-11-08 01:27
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: DCBB
long_novels: 【Destiel】Angelic Black Death
---

"Okay, that's vivid enough." Dean cuts him off uncomfortably, "I get it, bad, real bad, horrifying ass-level bad. About right?"

They are back at the bunker now, sitting by the war room table, beers in hand, books by their side.

Cass nods grimly.

"Umm, Cass?" Sam asks carefully, "What will happen if angels really extinct?"

Cass breathes heavily. "I can't imagine." he says after a beat.

"'You can't imagine'? What's that supposed to mean?" Dean demands with narrowed eyes.

"There will be no Heaven. All the souls in the Heaven will be cast in the wind, billions and billions of souls banished to the Vail or the Earth. Or worse, Hell. New dying souls linger in the Vail without a place to go, before the Vail cracks with the burden. That's just the start. What do you think humans would be like when they realize there is no post-life reward after they die? There will be no eternal happiness waiting for them regardless of how much good they do when they are alive or how much pain they have suffered?" Cass tilts his head again at Dean, eyes squinted.

Dean stammers, "Surely the post-life reward can't be the only thing people do good for."

"Some, maybe, but how many?" Cass sighs, "This angel disease - pandemic - thing, might not directly infect human, it might still destroy the world in the end, if given time."

Dean shares an alarmed look with Sam, "Annual world-ending event, awesome."

Cass sighs, "And there is more."

"More to this crap?!" Dean rolls his eyes.
