---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Angelic Black Death（Chap.2）Heaven on Edge（2）
date: 2024-11-08 01:24
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: 2025 DCBB
long_novels: 【Destiel】Angelic Black Death
---

They wait and wait. Night turns to day, Sam leaves temporarily on the second day to grab some food and comes back finding Dean sitting on the bench closest to the sand, never leaves his eyes from the portal, as if he's afraid he might miss the angel if he even blinks.

"We can take turn watching." Sam offers, handing his brother a wrapped burger with extra cheese.

Dean bites the food absent-mindedly and doesn't answer. But by the night of the next day, the exhaustion wins the silent argument.

"Wake me up if anything happens. Anything." Dean says for the third time, warningly.

"Yes, yes, Jesus." Sam rolls his eyes, "Now go! Before I drag your ass to the car."

Dean lies down on the back seat of the Impala and immediately falls asleep.

Dreams never serve him well. Those dreams about the Pit that butchers him, the Cage that swallows his brother, the glowing light that turns his best friend into something horrible, the monster land that keeps all his hair on ends, and then more. Everything he experienced, everyone he lost, he might be able to shove things to the back of the head when his mind is clear, but the dreams always seem to be able to find a way crawl back, digging the old memories back up like a fucking grave digger of his brain, reminding him how fresh those wounds still are.

He rolls uneasily on the back seat, pulling the jacket covered on him, still not wake up yet.

He is walking into a poor small middle-age-looking village. The houses are shabby, the road is dirty and stained. The whole vision looks bleak, like cutting out from a black-and-white silent movie from 20s. There is no color, no sound, no life. The stains on the road look just like dirt, or maybe what's left of horseshit, if it's an age with horse cart. He doesn't give anything much attention, just keeps walking, has a vague urgent feeling that he is doing something, that he needs to go somewhere fast, that he needs to find something -- or someone -- fast.

And then he sees them, the bodies. Piles of piles of bodies down the road, in front of the houses, down the ditches, and by the road. The stains are not smudge, he realizes, they are blood, too much blood, dripping thickly from these dead bodies, flowing and forming into a stream, and then a river. All the bodies have deadly black spots on the face and bare skins, all have a horror expression ghosting on the face long after they can sense anything anymore. All have black charred wings behind their backs.

This is an angel black death town, with no survivors. Dean realizes, horrifiedly. He walks down the road, doesn't really want to look at any of the bodies or their faces, but the image is shoved right in front of his eyes, he doesn't have an option, they're everywhere. They just look so... human. Dean feels his heart knot with apprehension.

He continues walking down the road, not sure what he's looking for or where the feet are leading him to. Until he finds someone sitting by the corner of a wall, still moving, though barely. He runs to him, kneeling down, and recognizes this is Cass in a heart beat. Except, the body almost looks nothing like the Cass he knows. He's covered with black spots everywhere like everyone else and they're still spreading, his eyes shadowed with dark fog, his mouth and nose oozing with black goo. He is dying, and Dean can do nothing to save him.

"Cass? Cass!" Dean yells. He doesn't dare to touch him, in case it causes him more pain. His hands reach out to his shoulder tentatively, hover by an inch, but take back hesitantly moments later without contact. All he can do is just keep calling his dying best friend's name.

Castiel hears him. His swollen eyes somehow manage to look through the shadow and look into his.

"Dean?" He sounds unsure, Dean's heart is clenched with pain, "Is that really you?"

"Yeah Cass, it's me." Dean uses his softest voice, "I got you."

"You come." Castiel's face twitches, and Dean realizes he tries to smile but there is not even enough muscle to pull it, he feels his heart is being cut and sliced by the sharpest surgical knife. "You come for me."

"'Course I do." Dean manages to squeeze his sound through the lump in his throat, "You're family."

"Then why, are you coming so late?" Castiel's eyes suddenly turn fierce, rolled and filled with anger and accusation and pain, "They're all dead! All of them. And now it's my turn. Where were you when we need you? Why can't you come earlier? Why can't you save us?"

Castiel suddenly straightens up his body, reaching out and grabbing him by the collar, dragging him closer and cursing to his face, "We are all dead! I'm dead! Because of you!" Dean can't bare to look at his eyes, the flame and pain shading all the blue and eating him alive, but he can't move away. He shudders.

"Dean! Dean!" Sam's voice pierces through the veil of dreamland, Dean gasps awake, breathing heavily like a drowning man fighting for air.

Sam is shaking his shoulder, looking more concerned than he already was when Cass walked into the portal.

Dean blinks at his face blankly, shadows of Cass' twisted face overlapping with Sam's, his brain is trying to catch up on the reality while half of his mind still stuck in the medieval town he left seconds ago.

"You okay?" Sam asks, hands leaving his shoulder the moment he sits up, "Bad dream?"

Dean rubs his neck. "Yeah," he fake moans, "not the best place to spend the night, you know."

Sam examines him, urges to point out that Impala seats usually don't make a person scream angel's name in their dream, but on second thought, he ends up biting his tongue because he knows far too well Dean wouldn't say a thing.

"Any news?" Dean walks out of the car, still rubbing his back and around waist. The night is a little chilly. It's not entirely a lie that sleeping in the car is doing terrible things to his almost-forty-year-old spine.

"Nothing changed." Sam answers, "I don't see a single sand move."

Dean nods, and sits back on the bench by the Heaven's gate, silently taking the watch again.
