---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Angelic Black Death（Chap.2）Heaven on Edge（6）
date: 2024-11-13 01:45
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: DCBB
long_novels: 【SPN】Angelic Black Death
---

Castiel searches corridors after corridors between souls' heavenly cells, looking for angel survivors. But he doesn't have any luck.

The place spreads and unfolds endlessly, and his body as a human is tiring out and dragging him back fast. His feet sore and heavy, his mouth dry and burning, he staggers, but keeps moving, though now he has to lean on the wall to keep himself upwards. A traveler lost in the middle of desert might look better than he is right now, one thread of his mind floats away to the time when he saw that French writer pilot Antoine de Saint-Exupéry wandering in the desert, finishing his beautiful work of *Le Petit Prince*. His soul is somewhere around here too, if he remembers correctly.

He can feel cracks of wounds popping up on his face and lips, on the back of his hands, and spreading on every part of the body, like a nut shell right before it gets crushed and explodes into pieces. Blood soaking through the white shirt, he doesn't know how much time he has or how far he can keep going. This whole place, the Heaven, is folding around him, grabbing its child in its embrace like a mother to her new-born child. It is his birth place, but it's not the place he would call home right now, and certainly not the place he wants to stay at this moment. But he also doesn't think he can make it to the portal again.

"Castiel? Is that you?" An angel calls to him from around next corridor. The sound is weak and sick and only echoes its existence in his mind, but picks up sparks of hope at his approach.

Cass fights his way towards the call.

But the Heaven pushes harder, the force around him pressing heavily, like a hurricane blowing and surging over a pitiful leaf attached to a tree, pulling him towards the wall, towards a soul room manifested only for him, moving along with him, trying to absorb him in.

The wall becomes too dangerous to hold on to, but as soon as he leaves the hold, Cass' legs give way. He hisses as the human body hits the ground and sharp pain spreads all over. He'll die here, Cass thinks, becoming a permanent resident of Heaven, locked away in one of those billions of rooms and never see Dean again. He should have hugged him before leaving and said a better farewell.

"Castiel --" The other angel calls again.

"Dumah." Cass recognizes her voice.

Crawling ahead desperately with the last bit of his strength, Cass arrives at the turn of that corridor. Dumah is there, in her true form, shining faintly and fading. Black shades and dark spots get its hold on to her like every single other angel he sees in the Heaven. Judging by the density of the black, she doesn't have long.

Pain and grief tears Castiel's heart apart. The last time he felt so powerless and useless is when he has to watch Dean Winchester being tortured and sliced in the Pit while his garrison still has miles of demons to clear. He doesn't quite understand that sensation of worry and fear back then, but after spending near a decade on Earth, he realizes now that the fear is because he's afraid that he may be too late. The same fear comes back now.

"Castiel, I'm glad you are here." Dumah sends the words into his mind.

"Why -- what is happening here? What is this?" Cass frowns deeply, ignoring his own wounds cutting deeper and more blood losing from his body.

"The Darkness." Dumah's consciousness is thinning away, so is her life force. Her words can barely form apprehensible meanings through the transmission, but she is trying, holding herself together as long as she can.

Cass leans in to grab at the answer that is surfacing slowly, "But how? She had left this universe. This shouldn't happen."

"The damage was already done when she invaded Heaven last time. All angels were already infected back then, the symptoms only show later. The lower ranks died first, Cherubs, Cupids, the higher ranks came later, Seraphs too, no exception. Everyone in the Heaven will die eventually. Every. Single. One. Of. Us."

"Is that why I'm not infected? I wasn't in the Heaven at that time?" Cass can't help asking.

"Oh but you were. Because Lucifer was."
