---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Angelic Black Death（Chap.2）Heaven on Edge（8）
date: 2024-11-15 01:27
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: DCBB
long_novels: 【Destiel】Angelic Black Death
---

"Then how am I still alive, not infected?" Cass rushes his questions, "I should have symptoms just like everyone else."

The cluster of light and energy that is Dumah contracts and shifts, sounding lighter by each word. "You... you remember." Her rusty voice chokes, breaking and catching, "Lucifer must have warded you off. That's why... why I'm hoping you can fix this, Castiel. Use that power, save us, save the Heaven."

"But I don't know how --" Cass feels uneasy and shameful.

"You will find out." Dumah's voice barely there, breaking and gasping, it's like human coughing violently, but still somehow fierce and demanding. Black shapes and spots splash from the light around her core, like flying ash and coal from an overburnt fireplace.

And then she starts chanting, breathlessly, like the dying song of a thorn bird, "*And God said, Let there be light: and there was light. And God saw the light, that it was good: and God divided the light from the darkness.*"

"I wish I share your belief." Cass murmurs sadly, "But I'm sorry, I'm dying too, I don't even think I can leave this place any more than you do."

Dumah looks *through* him with the remaining flicker of her light that is barely there, "You will, Castiel. You are the one starts it all, you will fix this. And quickly, save all the remaining ones before it's too late. You own this to us!" Her voice breaks into agonizing scratching sound. If she's in a vessel now, it will look like she's choking on blood in her throat.

Castiel doesn't have time to respond when he senses two forces pushing at him at this very same moment as she stops speaking. The Heaven unleashes ever more power onto him, undeniably irresistibly drawing him in. Castiel can see the space and dimension around them get twisted so contorted that the exit is just like the pinpoint in the eye of a furious hurricane. And Dumah, explodes from the very last peck of power she has left in the center of the light, the wave throws Castiel across the corridor that was never really a corridor and hustles him out towards the gate. He falls right through the portal.
