---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Angelic Black Death（Chap.2）Heaven on Edge（4）
date: 2024-11-08 01:26
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: DCBB
long_novels: 【SPN】Angelic Black Death
---

It is bad.

Cass knows it's bad before he goes there, but the view still catches him off guard. He gasps in disbelief and pain.

He has never seen so many angels being so vulnerable and miserable.

He has seen enough angels wounded or permanently damaged from the war back in the days when he was still in the garrison. His own hands have been covered with too much angel blood in the days when he did the worst wrong of all time. But none of that could compare with what he's seeing now.

It is not like war. It is not massacre. It is extinction.

Full-scale, whole-species, extinction.

The power supply in the Heaven is shaking violently. Power emergency alarm goes off every few seconds. Time flows differently on Heaven and on Earth, and for the mere seconds he sets foot on Heaven, it already weighs more than the eons he has existed.

Angels are dying. Dying in their true forms.

In the Heaven, angels usually choose not to carry their vessels around. So it can be difficult for humans to comprehend -- as he explains to Sam and Dean, if it's easier for them to imagine, maybe think about suited-up staffs walking around office hallways, but it's nothing like that.

From what he perceives, their existences are more like clusters of light and energy, dispersing and aggregating across the dimensions. And all of that, is dying out. Their lights are shattering, energy draining, grace dissipating, existence disintegrating. It can be explained much easier with a scattering wave function in hyper-dimension and unbounded space, but Sam and Dean would definitely ask him to skip this part.

It's exactly like human's Black Death plague. Cass thinks, Dean is right. Except this is bigger, darker, heavier.

This pandemic is not caused by a lack of hygiene or Yersinia pestis, but by... By what? Cass has no faintest clue. What can possibly destroy angels of the Lord in this massive scale, with such absoluteness? Not single angel seems to be able to get away from the contagious symptom, dark shadows spreading from one cluster of light to another, entangled into every fiber of energy, eating away the brightness from inside out, erasing the angel's existence like antimatter devours the matter.

If the mixed painful voices in the angel radio were heartbroken, being in the Heaven among them and hearing them up close is truly unbearable. Cass feels himself being torn apart purely by the agony of the sound itself. It is most horrifying when the last bit of an angel's light gets fully eaten up by the blackness. The frequency of their last cry is the most high-pitched sound even an angel has never heard elsewhere before, piercing and scratching at the back of every angel's mind if they happen to be nearby. For Sam and Dean's understanding, as Castiel later describes, think of it as the most painful human moaning and screaming sound when they're being tortured and dying, mixed with the sound of finger nails scraping the surface of chalkboard or screeching metals.
