---
layout: post
title: 【Destiel】Angelic Black Death（Chap.2）Heaven on Edge（9）
date: 2024-11-15 01:28
categories: ["SPN"]
characters: ["Castiel", "Dean Winchester"]
tags: ["Supernatural", "destiel", "英文"]
pov: 第三人称
origin: DCBB
long_novels: 【SPN】Angelic Black Death
---

"The next thing I know, I'm on Earth again." Cass wraps up his telling.

"Well, that explains the clumsy landing." Dean comments.

"And the cause of the infection." Sam fills in, thinking hard, "At least now we know what we're dealing with. This, this angel darkness disease --"

"I still prefer calling it ABD -- Angelic Black Death." Dean cuts.

"Fine, this ABD, how do we fix it?" Sam frowns deeply.

Dean glares back, "Don't look at me, I don't know jack squat about angel biology, how the hell are we gonna play doctor?"

Both brothers shoot their questioning eyes at Cass.

Cass blinks once blankly, looking back at them just as idealess as they are.

Sam clears his throat, suggesting in an over-optimistic voice that sounds far too deliberate, "Okay, how about we stick to the basics, work with what we know, do some research, just like it's just another case?"

"A case," Dean snorts loudly, "Fan-freaking-tastic."

He takes a large gulp of beer that's been staying idly for too long and getting heated by the room temperature and tasting bitter, before saying, "Do you remember our job used to be beheading vampires and werewolves? Not babysitting or feeding them with soup when they get sick?" He holds out a finger just in time to stop Sam from arguing, "Don't give me that look, tell me you don't think angels are just monsters with good PR? No offence, Cass." He flashes a quick eye at Cass. A slow nerve at the back of his head somewhere tickles and tells him that's a really asshole comment spitting in front of his only and best angel friend. But with the brain mostly affected by the light drowsiness coming from the beer, Dean waves the uneasy feeling off not knowing where it comes from or why.

Castiel barely moves his lips, "None taken."

Sam sighs, "I don't like them any more than you do, Dean, I mean, obviously except for Cass. But that doesn't mean I -- *we* -- would want them all dead. It's bad that they are around, but it's worse if they're not. You heard Cass, I'd rather help them out this once rather than dealing with billions of angry confusing falling spirits. So yeah, I'm fine with this. And maybe, if they own us one, next time they show up, we won't have to kill each other again."

Dean snorts again and louder, "I'd rather hope they never show up in our doorsteps again. But okay, points taken. Where do we start?"

Sam looks at the only angel in the room, which makes Dean turn his head in the same direction. "Start with what we know, about Cass." Sam says.

Dean frowns, still talking to Sam but not leaving his eyes away from Cass, "Well, with all due respect, first of all, he's probably the least typical of an angel by now, with all the resurrection -- not that I complain -- and hanging around on Earth with us all this time -- still not complaining -- and everything in between, I won't be surprised if we end up finding out he's a whole new species on his own. And B, what are you gonna do about him? Anatomy? He's not a guinea pig for you to learn biology in college class. He's Cass!"

Cass hums a soft agreement to that obvious accurate comment.

Sam rolls his eyes at his brother, "I know that, Dean, thanks for reminding. I just mean, research --" He gestures to the mountain of books around them, "-- so will you just shut up and start reading, please?"

Dean returns a cheerless smile to that, "Super. I'll grab some more beer first."
